net/minecraft/tileentity/MobSpawnerBaseLogic.java
 net.minecraft.tileentity.MobSpawnerBaseLogic
 net.minecraft.tileentity.MobSpawnerBaseLogic$WeightedRandomMinecart
net/minecraft/client/renderer/block/model/ItemCameraTransforms.java
 net.minecraft.client.renderer.block.model.ItemCameraTransforms
 net.minecraft.client.renderer.block.model.ItemCameraTransforms$1
 net.minecraft.client.renderer.block.model.ItemCameraTransforms$Deserializer
 net.minecraft.client.renderer.block.model.ItemCameraTransforms$TransformType
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S1BPacketEntityAttach.java
 net.minecraft.network.play.server.S1BPacketEntityAttach
net/minecraft/block/BlockButton.java
 net.minecraft.block.BlockButton
 net.minecraft.block.BlockButton$1
net/minecraft/block/BlockWoodSlab.java
 net.minecraft.block.BlockWoodSlab
net/minecraft/entity/passive/EntityMooshroom.java
 net.minecraft.entity.passive.EntityMooshroom
net/minecraft/item/ItemFishingRod.java
 net.minecraft.item.ItemFishingRod
net/minecraft/block/BlockRedstoneOre.java
 net.minecraft.block.BlockRedstoneOre
net/minecraft/client/particle/EntityFishWakeFX.java
 net.minecraft.client.particle.EntityFishWakeFX
 net.minecraft.client.particle.EntityFishWakeFX$Factory
net/minecraft/entity/ai/attributes/IAttribute.java
 net.minecraft.entity.ai.attributes.IAttribute
net/minecraft/client/renderer/RenderHelper.java
 net.minecraft.client.renderer.RenderHelper
net/minecraft/entity/monster/EntityMob.java
 net.minecraft.entity.monster.EntityMob
net/minecraft/client/renderer/BlockModelRenderer.java
 net.minecraft.client.renderer.BlockModelRenderer
 net.minecraft.client.renderer.BlockModelRenderer$1
 net.minecraft.client.renderer.BlockModelRenderer$AmbientOcclusionFace
 net.minecraft.client.renderer.BlockModelRenderer$EnumNeighborInfo
 net.minecraft.client.renderer.BlockModelRenderer$Orientation
 net.minecraft.client.renderer.BlockModelRenderer$VertexTranslations
net/minecraft/world/gen/layer/GenLayerHills.java
 net.minecraft.world.gen.layer.GenLayerHills
net/minecraft/client/resources/DefaultResourcePack.java
 net.minecraft.client.resources.DefaultResourcePack
net/minecraft/client/renderer/tileentity/TileEntityEnchantmentTableRenderer.java
 net.minecraft.client.renderer.tileentity.TileEntityEnchantmentTableRenderer
net/minecraft/item/crafting/RecipesBanners.java
 net.minecraft.item.crafting.RecipesBanners
 net.minecraft.item.crafting.RecipesBanners$1
 net.minecraft.item.crafting.RecipesBanners$RecipeAddPattern
 net.minecraft.item.crafting.RecipesBanners$RecipeDuplicatePattern
net/minecraft/block/BlockFlowerPot.java
 net.minecraft.block.BlockFlowerPot
 net.minecraft.block.BlockFlowerPot$1
 net.minecraft.block.BlockFlowerPot$EnumFlowerType
net/optifine/shaders/ProgramStack.java
 net.optifine.shaders.ProgramStack
net/minecraft/inventory/SlotMerchantResult.java
 net.minecraft.inventory.SlotMerchantResult
net/minecraft/block/BlockBookshelf.java
 net.minecraft.block.BlockBookshelf
net/optifine/entity/model/ModelAdapterGuardian.java
 net.optifine.entity.model.ModelAdapterGuardian
net/minecraft/entity/projectile/EntityLargeFireball.java
 net.minecraft.entity.projectile.EntityLargeFireball
net/minecraft/item/crafting/RecipesArmor.java
 net.minecraft.item.crafting.RecipesArmor
net/minecraft/block/IGrowable.java
 net.minecraft.block.IGrowable
net/minecraft/client/model/ModelBoat.java
 net.minecraft.client.model.ModelBoat
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S05PacketSpawnPosition.java
 net.minecraft.network.play.server.S05PacketSpawnPosition
net/minecraft/network/play/client/C08PacketPlayerBlockPlacement.java
 net.minecraft.network.play.client.C08PacketPlayerBlockPlacement
net/minecraft/entity/monster/EntityEnderman.java
 net.minecraft.entity.monster.EntityEnderman
 net.minecraft.entity.monster.EntityEnderman$1
 net.minecraft.entity.monster.EntityEnderman$AIFindPlayer
 net.minecraft.entity.monster.EntityEnderman$AIPlaceBlock
 net.minecraft.entity.monster.EntityEnderman$AITakeBlock
net/minecraft/tileentity/TileEntityHopper.java
 net.minecraft.tileentity.TileEntityHopper
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S1EPacketRemoveEntityEffect.java
 net.minecraft.network.play.server.S1EPacketRemoveEntityEffect
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiYesNo.java
 net.minecraft.client.gui.GuiYesNo
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/RenderSheep.java
 net.minecraft.client.renderer.entity.RenderSheep
net/minecraft/entity/ai/EntityMinecartMobSpawner.java
 net.minecraft.entity.ai.EntityMinecartMobSpawner
 net.minecraft.entity.ai.EntityMinecartMobSpawner$1
net/optifine/shaders/config/PropertyDefaultFastFancyOff.java
 net.optifine.shaders.config.PropertyDefaultFastFancyOff
net/minecraft/world/gen/MapGenBase.java
 net.minecraft.world.gen.MapGenBase
net/minecraft/block/BlockSeaLantern.java
 net.minecraft.block.BlockSeaLantern
net/minecraft/entity/monster/EntityIronGolem.java
 net.minecraft.entity.monster.EntityIronGolem
 net.minecraft.entity.monster.EntityIronGolem$AINearestAttackableTargetNonCreeper
 net.minecraft.entity.monster.EntityIronGolem$AINearestAttackableTargetNonCreeper$1
net/minecraft/client/model/ModelWither.java
 net.minecraft.client.model.ModelWither
net/minecraft/client/renderer/tileentity/TileEntitySkullRenderer.java
 net.minecraft.client.renderer.tileentity.TileEntitySkullRenderer
 net.minecraft.client.renderer.tileentity.TileEntitySkullRenderer$1
net/minecraft/item/ItemEmptyMap.java
 net.minecraft.item.ItemEmptyMap
net/minecraft/network/ServerStatusResponse.java
 net.minecraft.network.ServerStatusResponse
 net.minecraft.network.ServerStatusResponse$MinecraftProtocolVersionIdentifier
 net.minecraft.network.ServerStatusResponse$MinecraftProtocolVersionIdentifier$Serializer
 net.minecraft.network.ServerStatusResponse$PlayerCountData
 net.minecraft.network.ServerStatusResponse$PlayerCountData$Serializer
 net.minecraft.network.ServerStatusResponse$Serializer
net/minecraft/client/renderer/tileentity/TileEntityBeaconRenderer.java
 net.minecraft.client.renderer.tileentity.TileEntityBeaconRenderer
net/minecraft/client/renderer/VertexBufferUploader.java
 net.minecraft.client.renderer.VertexBufferUploader
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiUtilRenderComponents.java
 net.minecraft.client.gui.GuiUtilRenderComponents
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiScreenOptionsSounds.java
 net.minecraft.client.gui.GuiScreenOptionsSounds
 net.minecraft.client.gui.GuiScreenOptionsSounds$Button
net/minecraft/command/CommandWorldBorder.java
 net.minecraft.command.CommandWorldBorder
net/minecraft/command/IAdminCommand.java
 net.minecraft.command.IAdminCommand
net/minecraft/block/BlockObsidian.java
 net.minecraft.block.BlockObsidian
net/minecraft/client/renderer/RegionRenderCache.java
 net.minecraft.client.renderer.RegionRenderCache
net/minecraft/util/ReportedException.java
 net.minecraft.util.ReportedException
net/optifine/entity/model/CustomEntityModelParser.java
 net.optifine.entity.model.CustomEntityModelParser
net/minecraft/command/PlayerSelector.java
 net.minecraft.command.PlayerSelector
 net.minecraft.command.PlayerSelector$1
 net.minecraft.command.PlayerSelector$10
 net.minecraft.command.PlayerSelector$11
 net.minecraft.command.PlayerSelector$12
 net.minecraft.command.PlayerSelector$2
 net.minecraft.command.PlayerSelector$3
 net.minecraft.command.PlayerSelector$4
 net.minecraft.command.PlayerSelector$5
 net.minecraft.command.PlayerSelector$6
 net.minecraft.command.PlayerSelector$7
 net.minecraft.command.PlayerSelector$8
 net.minecraft.command.PlayerSelector$9
net/minecraft/realms/DisconnectedRealmsScreen.java
 net.minecraft.realms.DisconnectedRealmsScreen
net/optifine/model/BlockModelCustomizer.java
 net.optifine.model.BlockModelCustomizer
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiNewChat.java
 net.minecraft.client.gui.GuiNewChat
net/optifine/shaders/ProgramStage.java
 net.optifine.shaders.ProgramStage
net/minecraft/nbt/JsonToNBT.java
 net.minecraft.nbt.JsonToNBT
 net.minecraft.nbt.JsonToNBT$Any
 net.minecraft.nbt.JsonToNBT$Compound
 net.minecraft.nbt.JsonToNBT$List
 net.minecraft.nbt.JsonToNBT$Primitive
net/minecraft/nbt/NBTTagByte.java
 net.minecraft.nbt.NBTTagByte
net/minecraft/client/renderer/texture/AbstractTexture.java
 net.minecraft.client.renderer.texture.AbstractTexture
net/minecraft/client/model/PositionTextureVertex.java
 net.minecraft.client.model.PositionTextureVertex
net/minecraft/world/storage/SaveFormatOld.java
 net.minecraft.world.storage.SaveFormatOld
net/minecraft/block/BlockDeadBush.java
 net.minecraft.block.BlockDeadBush
net/minecraft/client/model/ModelSheep1.java
 net.minecraft.client.model.ModelSheep1
net/minecraft/util/BlockPos.java
 net.minecraft.util.BlockPos
 net.minecraft.util.BlockPos$1
 net.minecraft.util.BlockPos$1$1
 net.minecraft.util.BlockPos$2
 net.minecraft.util.BlockPos$2$1
 net.minecraft.util.BlockPos$MutableBlockPos
net/optifine/shaders/gui/GuiSliderShaderOption.java
 net.optifine.shaders.gui.GuiSliderShaderOption
net/minecraft/world/gen/layer/GenLayerVoronoiZoom.java
 net.minecraft.world.gen.layer.GenLayerVoronoiZoom
net/minecraft/entity/ai/EntityAITargetNonTamed.java
 net.minecraft.entity.ai.EntityAITargetNonTamed
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S12PacketEntityVelocity.java
 net.minecraft.network.play.server.S12PacketEntityVelocity
net/minecraft/entity/NpcMerchant.java
 net.minecraft.entity.NpcMerchant
net/minecraft/client/resources/model/ModelResourceLocation.java
 net.minecraft.client.resources.model.ModelResourceLocation
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/RenderFallingBlock.java
 net.minecraft.client.renderer.entity.RenderFallingBlock
net/minecraft/entity/ai/EntityMoveHelper.java
 net.minecraft.entity.ai.EntityMoveHelper
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S31PacketWindowProperty.java
 net.minecraft.network.play.server.S31PacketWindowProperty
net/minecraft/client/renderer/texture/TextureMap.java
 net.minecraft.client.renderer.texture.TextureMap
 net.minecraft.client.renderer.texture.TextureMap$1
 net.minecraft.client.renderer.texture.TextureMap$2
 net.minecraft.client.renderer.texture.TextureMap$3
net/minecraft/util/EnumFacing.java
 net.minecraft.util.EnumFacing
 net.minecraft.util.EnumFacing$1
 net.minecraft.util.EnumFacing$Axis
 net.minecraft.util.EnumFacing$AxisDirection
 net.minecraft.util.EnumFacing$Plane
net/minecraft/entity/ai/EntityAIOcelotAttack.java
 net.minecraft.entity.ai.EntityAIOcelotAttack
net/minecraft/client/stream/Metadata.java
 net.minecraft.client.stream.Metadata
net/minecraft/client/gui/spectator/categories/TeleportToTeam.java
 net.minecraft.client.gui.spectator.categories.TeleportToTeam
 net.minecraft.client.gui.spectator.categories.TeleportToTeam$TeamSelectionObject
net/optifine/reflect/FieldLocatorName.java
 net.optifine.reflect.FieldLocatorName
net/minecraft/world/gen/FlatGeneratorInfo.java
 net.minecraft.world.gen.FlatGeneratorInfo
net/optifine/NextTickHashSet.java
 net.optifine.NextTickHashSet
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiOptionButton.java
 net.minecraft.client.gui.GuiOptionButton
net/minecraftforge/client/model/IModelPart.java
 net.minecraftforge.client.model.IModelPart
net/minecraft/village/Village.java
 net.minecraft.village.Village
 net.minecraft.village.Village$VillageAggressor
net/optifine/reflect/IResolvable.java
 net.optifine.reflect.IResolvable
net/minecraft/nbt/NBTTagByteArray.java
 net.minecraft.nbt.NBTTagByteArray
net/minecraft/item/crafting/RecipesArmorDyes.java
 net.minecraft.item.crafting.RecipesArmorDyes
net/minecraft/nbt/CompressedStreamTools.java
 net.minecraft.nbt.CompressedStreamTools
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiKeyBindingList.java
 net.minecraft.client.gui.GuiKeyBindingList
 net.minecraft.client.gui.GuiKeyBindingList$1
 net.minecraft.client.gui.GuiKeyBindingList$CategoryEntry
 net.minecraft.client.gui.GuiKeyBindingList$KeyEntry
net/minecraft/block/BlockGravel.java
 net.minecraft.block.BlockGravel
net/minecraft/client/particle/EntityHugeExplodeFX.java
 net.minecraft.client.particle.EntityHugeExplodeFX
 net.minecraft.client.particle.EntityHugeExplodeFX$Factory
net/minecraft/network/PacketBuffer.java
 net.minecraft.network.PacketBuffer
net/minecraft/util/IJsonSerializable.java
 net.minecraft.util.IJsonSerializable
net/minecraft/world/biome/BiomeGenMesa.java
 net.minecraft.world.biome.BiomeGenMesa
net/optifine/shaders/ItemAliases.java
 net.optifine.shaders.ItemAliases
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiListButton.java
 net.minecraft.client.gui.GuiListButton
net/minecraft/client/particle/EntityFirework.java
 net.minecraft.client.particle.EntityFirework
 net.minecraft.client.particle.EntityFirework$Factory
 net.minecraft.client.particle.EntityFirework$OverlayFX
 net.minecraft.client.particle.EntityFirework$SparkFX
 net.minecraft.client.particle.EntityFirework$StarterFX
net/optifine/entity/model/ModelAdapterEnderChest.java
 net.optifine.entity.model.ModelAdapterEnderChest
net/minecraft/event/ClickEvent.java
 net.minecraft.event.ClickEvent
 net.minecraft.event.ClickEvent$Action
net/optifine/reflect/ReflectorField.java
 net.optifine.reflect.ReflectorField
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/layers/LayerEndermanEyes.java
 net.minecraft.client.renderer.entity.layers.LayerEndermanEyes
net/minecraft/enchantment/EnchantmentFireAspect.java
 net.minecraft.enchantment.EnchantmentFireAspect
net/minecraft/block/BlockNote.java
 net.minecraft.block.BlockNote
net/minecraft/village/VillageSiege.java
 net.minecraft.village.VillageSiege
net/minecraft/client/resources/model/ModelBakery.java
 net.minecraft.client.resources.model.ModelBakery
 net.minecraft.client.resources.model.ModelBakery$1
 net.minecraft.client.resources.model.ModelBakery$2
net/minecraft/entity/ai/EntityAITradePlayer.java
 net.minecraft.entity.ai.EntityAITradePlayer
net/minecraft/block/properties/IProperty.java
 net.minecraft.block.properties.IProperty
net/minecraft/network/NetworkManager.java
 net.minecraft.network.NetworkManager
 net.minecraft.network.NetworkManager$1
 net.minecraft.network.NetworkManager$2
 net.minecraft.network.NetworkManager$3
 net.minecraft.network.NetworkManager$4
 net.minecraft.network.NetworkManager$5
 net.minecraft.network.NetworkManager$6
 net.minecraft.network.NetworkManager$InboundHandlerTuplePacketListener
net/minecraft/block/BlockGlass.java
 net.minecraft.block.BlockGlass
net/minecraft/item/crafting/RecipesMapExtending.java
 net.minecraft.item.crafting.RecipesMapExtending
net/minecraft/stats/StatBasic.java
 net.minecraft.stats.StatBasic
net/minecraft/client/particle/EntityBlockDustFX.java
 net.minecraft.client.particle.EntityBlockDustFX
 net.minecraft.client.particle.EntityBlockDustFX$Factory
net/minecraft/network/play/INetHandlerPlayServer.java
 net.minecraft.network.play.INetHandlerPlayServer
net/minecraft/entity/item/EntityEnderEye.java
 net.minecraft.entity.item.EntityEnderEye
net/optifine/gui/TooltipManager.java
 net.optifine.gui.TooltipManager
net/minecraft/inventory/ICrafting.java
 net.minecraft.inventory.ICrafting
net/minecraft/world/gen/MapGenCaves.java
 net.minecraft.world.gen.MapGenCaves
net/minecraft/world/GameRules.java
 net.minecraft.world.GameRules
 net.minecraft.world.GameRules$Value
 net.minecraft.world.GameRules$ValueType
net/minecraft/block/BlockCrops.java
 net.minecraft.block.BlockCrops
net/minecraft/command/CommandTrigger.java
 net.minecraft.command.CommandTrigger
net/minecraft/item/crafting/RecipeFireworks.java
 net.minecraft.item.crafting.RecipeFireworks
net/minecraft/world/chunk/storage/ExtendedBlockStorage.java
 net.minecraft.world.chunk.storage.ExtendedBlockStorage
net/minecraft/world/ChunkCoordIntPair.java
 net.minecraft.world.ChunkCoordIntPair
net/minecraft/client/renderer/block/model/BlockPartRotation.java
 net.minecraft.client.renderer.block.model.BlockPartRotation
net/minecraft/network/play/client/C0EPacketClickWindow.java
 net.minecraft.network.play.client.C0EPacketClickWindow
net/minecraft/entity/monster/EntitySkeleton.java
 net.minecraft.entity.monster.EntitySkeleton
net/minecraft/network/play/client/C02PacketUseEntity.java
 net.minecraft.network.play.client.C02PacketUseEntity
 net.minecraft.network.play.client.C02PacketUseEntity$Action
net/minecraft/item/ItemMultiTexture.java
 net.minecraft.item.ItemMultiTexture
 net.minecraft.item.ItemMultiTexture$1
net/minecraft/world/gen/feature/WorldGenIcePath.java
 net.minecraft.world.gen.feature.WorldGenIcePath
net/minecraft/realms/RealmsServerPing.java
 net.minecraft.realms.RealmsServerPing
net/minecraft/scoreboard/Team.java
 net.minecraft.scoreboard.Team
 net.minecraft.scoreboard.Team$EnumVisible
net/minecraft/client/renderer/chunk/ChunkRenderDispatcher.java
 net.minecraft.client.renderer.chunk.ChunkRenderDispatcher
 net.minecraft.client.renderer.chunk.ChunkRenderDispatcher$1
 net.minecraft.client.renderer.chunk.ChunkRenderDispatcher$2
 net.minecraft.client.renderer.chunk.ChunkRenderDispatcher$3
net/minecraft/client/renderer/ImageBufferDownload.java
 net.minecraft.client.renderer.ImageBufferDownload
net/minecraft/inventory/ContainerDispenser.java
 net.minecraft.inventory.ContainerDispenser
net/minecraft/entity/ai/EntityAIVillagerMate.java
 net.minecraft.entity.ai.EntityAIVillagerMate
net/minecraft/inventory/ContainerHorseInventory.java
 net.minecraft.inventory.ContainerHorseInventory
 net.minecraft.inventory.ContainerHorseInventory$1
 net.minecraft.inventory.ContainerHorseInventory$2
net/minecraft/block/BlockNewLog.java
 net.minecraft.block.BlockNewLog
 net.minecraft.block.BlockNewLog$1
 net.minecraft.block.BlockNewLog$2
net/minecraft/world/storage/DerivedWorldInfo.java
 net.minecraft.world.storage.DerivedWorldInfo
net/minecraft/server/network/NetHandlerStatusServer.java
 net.minecraft.server.network.NetHandlerStatusServer
net/minecraft/client/gui/ServerListEntryLanScan.java
 net.minecraft.client.gui.ServerListEntryLanScan
net/minecraft/entity/monster/EntityGolem.java
 net.minecraft.entity.monster.EntityGolem
net/optifine/RandomEntityRule.java
 net.optifine.RandomEntityRule
net/minecraft/util/RegistryNamespaced.java
 net.minecraft.util.RegistryNamespaced
net/optifine/config/IParserInt.java
 net.optifine.config.IParserInt
net/minecraft/entity/ai/EntityAIBase.java
 net.minecraft.entity.ai.EntityAIBase
net/minecraft/inventory/InventoryEnderChest.java
 net.minecraft.inventory.InventoryEnderChest
net/optifine/reflect/ReflectorResolver.java
 net.optifine.reflect.ReflectorResolver
net/minecraft/network/login/INetHandlerLoginClient.java
 net.minecraft.network.login.INetHandlerLoginClient
net/minecraft/world/gen/feature/WorldGenDungeons.java
 net.minecraft.world.gen.feature.WorldGenDungeons
net/minecraft/command/server/CommandListBans.java
 net.minecraft.command.server.CommandListBans
net/optifine/entity/model/anim/ModelUpdater.java
 net.optifine.entity.model.anim.ModelUpdater
net/minecraft/realms/RealmsServerStatusPinger.java
 net.minecraft.realms.RealmsServerStatusPinger
 net.minecraft.realms.RealmsServerStatusPinger$1
net/minecraft/network/play/client/C00PacketKeepAlive.java
 net.minecraft.network.play.client.C00PacketKeepAlive
net/minecraft/client/audio/ITickableSound.java
 net.minecraft.client.audio.ITickableSound
net/minecraft/command/CommandExecuteAt.java
 net.minecraft.command.CommandExecuteAt
 net.minecraft.command.CommandExecuteAt$1
net/minecraft/client/audio/SoundList.java
 net.minecraft.client.audio.SoundList
 net.minecraft.client.audio.SoundList$SoundEntry
 net.minecraft.client.audio.SoundList$SoundEntry$Type
net/minecraft/util/ResourceLocation.java
 net.minecraft.util.ResourceLocation
net/optifine/entity/model/ModelAdapterEndermite.java
 net.optifine.entity.model.ModelAdapterEndermite
net/minecraft/network/NetHandlerPlayServer.java
 net.minecraft.network.NetHandlerPlayServer
 net.minecraft.network.NetHandlerPlayServer$1
 net.minecraft.network.NetHandlerPlayServer$2
 net.minecraft.network.NetHandlerPlayServer$3
 net.minecraft.network.NetHandlerPlayServer$4
net/minecraft/client/renderer/EnumFaceDirection.java
 net.minecraft.client.renderer.EnumFaceDirection
 net.minecraft.client.renderer.EnumFaceDirection$1
 net.minecraft.client.renderer.EnumFaceDirection$Constants
 net.minecraft.client.renderer.EnumFaceDirection$VertexInformation
net/optifine/shaders/uniform/ShaderExpressionResolver.java
 net.optifine.shaders.uniform.ShaderExpressionResolver
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S00PacketKeepAlive.java
 net.minecraft.network.play.server.S00PacketKeepAlive
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S25PacketBlockBreakAnim.java
 net.minecraft.network.play.server.S25PacketBlockBreakAnim
net/minecraft/client/gui/inventory/GuiInventory.java
 net.minecraft.client.gui.inventory.GuiInventory
net/minecraft/block/state/pattern/FactoryBlockPattern.java
 net.minecraft.block.state.pattern.FactoryBlockPattern
net/minecraft/block/BlockHalfStoneSlab.java
 net.minecraft.block.BlockHalfStoneSlab
net/minecraft/item/ItemBlock.java
 net.minecraft.item.ItemBlock
net/minecraft/world/gen/feature/WorldGenWaterlily.java
 net.minecraft.world.gen.feature.WorldGenWaterlily
net/minecraft/entity/ai/EntityAIMoveThroughVillage.java
 net.minecraft.entity.ai.EntityAIMoveThroughVillage
net/optifine/Log.java
 net.optifine.Log
net/minecraft/network/play/client/C12PacketUpdateSign.java
 net.minecraft.network.play.client.C12PacketUpdateSign
net/optifine/shaders/FlipTextures.java
 net.optifine.shaders.FlipTextures
net/minecraft/client/renderer/GlStateManager.java
 net.minecraft.client.renderer.GlStateManager
 net.minecraft.client.renderer.GlStateManager$1
 net.minecraft.client.renderer.GlStateManager$AlphaState
 net.minecraft.client.renderer.GlStateManager$BlendState
 net.minecraft.client.renderer.GlStateManager$BooleanState
 net.minecraft.client.renderer.GlStateManager$ClearState
 net.minecraft.client.renderer.GlStateManager$Color
 net.minecraft.client.renderer.GlStateManager$ColorLogicState
 net.minecraft.client.renderer.GlStateManager$ColorMask
 net.minecraft.client.renderer.GlStateManager$ColorMaterialState
 net.minecraft.client.renderer.GlStateManager$CullState
 net.minecraft.client.renderer.GlStateManager$DepthState
 net.minecraft.client.renderer.GlStateManager$FogState
 net.minecraft.client.renderer.GlStateManager$PolygonOffsetState
 net.minecraft.client.renderer.GlStateManager$StencilFunc
 net.minecraft.client.renderer.GlStateManager$StencilState
 net.minecraft.client.renderer.GlStateManager$TexGen
 net.minecraft.client.renderer.GlStateManager$TexGenCoord
 net.minecraft.client.renderer.GlStateManager$TexGenState
 net.minecraft.client.renderer.GlStateManager$TextureState
net/minecraft/client/model/ModelLargeChest.java
 net.minecraft.client.model.ModelLargeChest
net/minecraft/world/biome/BiomeGenPlains.java
 net.minecraft.world.biome.BiomeGenPlains
net/minecraft/inventory/SlotFurnaceOutput.java
 net.minecraft.inventory.SlotFurnaceOutput
net/optifine/util/IntArray.java
 net.optifine.util.IntArray
net/optifine/reflect/ReflectorRaw.java
 net.optifine.reflect.ReflectorRaw
net/optifine/Lang.java
 net.optifine.Lang
net/minecraft/nbt/NBTTagIntArray.java
 net.minecraft.nbt.NBTTagIntArray
net/minecraft/entity/ai/attributes/RangedAttribute.java
 net.minecraft.entity.ai.attributes.RangedAttribute
net/minecraft/world/WorldSavedData.java
 net.minecraft.world.WorldSavedData
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiOverlayDebug.java
 net.minecraft.client.gui.GuiOverlayDebug
 net.minecraft.client.gui.GuiOverlayDebug$1
javax/vecmath/Matrix4f.java
 javax.vecmath.Matrix4f
net/minecraft/block/BlockVine.java
 net.minecraft.block.BlockVine
 net.minecraft.block.BlockVine$1
net/minecraft/item/ItemDoublePlant.java
 net.minecraft.item.ItemDoublePlant
net/minecraft/util/DamageSource.java
 net.minecraft.util.DamageSource
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/RenderEndermite.java
 net.minecraft.client.renderer.entity.RenderEndermite
net/optifine/util/PropertiesOrdered.java
 net.optifine.util.PropertiesOrdered
net/minecraft/nbt/NBTTagLong.java
 net.minecraft.nbt.NBTTagLong
net/minecraft/world/gen/feature/WorldGenTaiga1.java
 net.minecraft.world.gen.feature.WorldGenTaiga1
net/optifine/config/MatchBlock.java
 net.optifine.config.MatchBlock
net/minecraft/block/BlockDoor.java
 net.minecraft.block.BlockDoor
 net.minecraft.block.BlockDoor$EnumDoorHalf
 net.minecraft.block.BlockDoor$EnumHingePosition
net/minecraft/entity/ai/EntityAICreeperSwell.java
 net.minecraft.entity.ai.EntityAICreeperSwell
net/minecraft/entity/item/EntityMinecartEmpty.java
 net.minecraft.entity.item.EntityMinecartEmpty
net/minecraft/util/ChatComponentScore.java
 net.minecraft.util.ChatComponentScore
net/optifine/shaders/uniform/ShaderUniform1i.java
 net.optifine.shaders.uniform.ShaderUniform1i
net/minecraft/client/renderer/RegionRenderCacheBuilder.java
 net.minecraft.client.renderer.RegionRenderCacheBuilder
net/minecraft/command/server/CommandSaveAll.java
 net.minecraft.command.server.CommandSaveAll
net/minecraft/item/ItemEnderEye.java
 net.minecraft.item.ItemEnderEye
net/minecraft/client/gui/IProgressMeter.java
 net.minecraft.client.gui.IProgressMeter
net/minecraft/realms/RealmsVertexFormat.java
 net.minecraft.realms.RealmsVertexFormat
net/optifine/shaders/ClippingHelperShadow.java
 net.optifine.shaders.ClippingHelperShadow
net/minecraft/entity/item/EntityPainting.java
 net.minecraft.entity.item.EntityPainting
 net.minecraft.entity.item.EntityPainting$EnumArt
net/optifine/CrashReporter.java
 net.optifine.CrashReporter
 net.optifine.CrashReporter$1
net/minecraft/block/BlockEndPortalFrame.java
 net.minecraft.block.BlockEndPortalFrame
net/minecraft/block/BlockDirt.java
 net.minecraft.block.BlockDirt
 net.minecraft.block.BlockDirt$DirtType
net/minecraft/client/resources/data/PackMetadataSection.java
 net.minecraft.client.resources.data.PackMetadataSection
net/minecraft/inventory/Slot.java
 net.minecraft.inventory.Slot
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiVideoSettings.java
 net.minecraft.client.gui.GuiVideoSettings
net/minecraft/nbt/NBTException.java
 net.minecraft.nbt.NBTException
net/minecraft/block/BlockButtonStone.java
 net.minecraft.block.BlockButtonStone
net/minecraft/client/resources/ResourcePackListEntryFound.java
 net.minecraft.client.resources.ResourcePackListEntryFound
net/minecraft/block/BlockRail.java
 net.minecraft.block.BlockRail
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/RenderPainting.java
 net.minecraft.client.renderer.entity.RenderPainting
net/minecraft/network/NettyCompressionDecoder.java
 net.minecraft.network.NettyCompressionDecoder
net/minecraft/profiler/PlayerUsageSnooper.java
 net.minecraft.profiler.PlayerUsageSnooper
 net.minecraft.profiler.PlayerUsageSnooper$1
net/minecraft/util/TupleIntJsonSerializable.java
 net.minecraft.util.TupleIntJsonSerializable
net/optifine/entity/model/CustomModelRenderer.java
 net.optifine.entity.model.CustomModelRenderer
net/minecraft/item/EnumRarity.java
 net.minecraft.item.EnumRarity
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S2BPacketChangeGameState.java
 net.minecraft.network.play.server.S2BPacketChangeGameState
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/RenderMinecartMobSpawner.java
 net.minecraft.client.renderer.entity.RenderMinecartMobSpawner
net/minecraft/client/settings/GameSettings.java
 net.minecraft.client.settings.GameSettings
 net.minecraft.client.settings.GameSettings$1
 net.minecraft.client.settings.GameSettings$2
 net.minecraft.client.settings.GameSettings$Options
net/minecraft/block/BlockFire.java
 net.minecraft.block.BlockFire
net/optifine/shaders/MultiTexID.java
 net.optifine.shaders.MultiTexID
net/minecraft/util/MinecraftError.java
 net.minecraft.util.MinecraftError
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiSelectWorld.java
 net.minecraft.client.gui.GuiSelectWorld
 net.minecraft.client.gui.GuiSelectWorld$List
net/optifine/http/HttpResponse.java
 net.optifine.http.HttpResponse
net/minecraft/entity/ai/EntityAIHarvestFarmland.java
 net.minecraft.entity.ai.EntityAIHarvestFarmland
net/minecraft/block/BlockBrewingStand.java
 net.minecraft.block.BlockBrewingStand
net/minecraft/command/server/CommandPublishLocalServer.java
 net.minecraft.command.server.CommandPublishLocalServer
net/minecraft/inventory/ContainerWorkbench.java
 net.minecraft.inventory.ContainerWorkbench
net/minecraft/network/login/client/C01PacketEncryptionResponse.java
 net.minecraft.network.login.client.C01PacketEncryptionResponse
net/optifine/gui/GuiQualitySettingsOF.java
 net.optifine.gui.GuiQualitySettingsOF
net/minecraft/network/INetHandler.java
 net.minecraft.network.INetHandler
net/minecraft/util/Util.java
 net.minecraft.util.Util
 net.minecraft.util.Util$EnumOS
net/minecraft/client/model/ModelArmorStandArmor.java
 net.minecraft.client.model.ModelArmorStandArmor
net/minecraft/block/BlockIce.java
 net.minecraft.block.BlockIce
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S07PacketRespawn.java
 net.minecraft.network.play.server.S07PacketRespawn
net/minecraft/entity/item/EntityItemFrame.java
 net.minecraft.entity.item.EntityItemFrame
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S02PacketChat.java
 net.minecraft.network.play.server.S02PacketChat
net/minecraft/item/crafting/RecipesTools.java
 net.minecraft.item.crafting.RecipesTools
net/minecraft/util/FrameTimer.java
 net.minecraft.util.FrameTimer
net/minecraft/item/ItemShears.java
 net.minecraft.item.ItemShears
net/minecraft/client/model/ModelEnderCrystal.java
 net.minecraft.client.model.ModelEnderCrystal
net/minecraft/block/BlockCactus.java
 net.minecraft.block.BlockCactus
net/minecraft/client/audio/SoundPoolEntry.java
 net.minecraft.client.audio.SoundPoolEntry
net/minecraft/network/play/INetHandlerPlayClient.java
 net.minecraft.network.play.INetHandlerPlayClient
net/minecraft/command/CommandDebug.java
 net.minecraft.command.CommandDebug
net/minecraft/block/BlockDoublePlant.java
 net.minecraft.block.BlockDoublePlant
 net.minecraft.block.BlockDoublePlant$EnumBlockHalf
 net.minecraft.block.BlockDoublePlant$EnumPlantType
net/optifine/shaders/gui/GuiButtonDownloadShaders.java
 net.optifine.shaders.gui.GuiButtonDownloadShaders
net/minecraft/world/biome/BiomeGenBase.java
 net.minecraft.world.biome.BiomeGenBase
 net.minecraft.world.biome.BiomeGenBase$1
 net.minecraft.world.biome.BiomeGenBase$Height
 net.minecraft.world.biome.BiomeGenBase$SpawnListEntry
 net.minecraft.world.biome.BiomeGenBase$TempCategory
net/minecraft/client/multiplayer/ServerList.java
 net.minecraft.client.multiplayer.ServerList
net/minecraft/inventory/ContainerMerchant.java
 net.minecraft.inventory.ContainerMerchant
net/minecraft/client/renderer/texture/DynamicTexture.java
 net.minecraft.client.renderer.texture.DynamicTexture
net/minecraft/client/gui/ScreenChatOptions.java
 net.minecraft.client.gui.ScreenChatOptions
net/minecraft/world/gen/feature/WorldGenReed.java
 net.minecraft.world.gen.feature.WorldGenReed
net/minecraft/world/chunk/IChunkProvider.java
 net.minecraft.world.chunk.IChunkProvider
net/minecraft/client/renderer/chunk/VboChunkFactory.java
 net.minecraft.client.renderer.chunk.VboChunkFactory
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiScreenCustomizePresets.java
 net.minecraft.client.gui.GuiScreenCustomizePresets
 net.minecraft.client.gui.GuiScreenCustomizePresets$Info
 net.minecraft.client.gui.GuiScreenCustomizePresets$ListPreset
net/minecraft/tileentity/TileEntityFurnace.java
 net.minecraft.tileentity.TileEntityFurnace
net/optifine/shaders/gui/GuiSlotShaders.java
 net.optifine.shaders.gui.GuiSlotShaders
 net.optifine.shaders.gui.GuiSlotShaders$1
net/minecraft/client/model/ModelSquid.java
 net.minecraft.client.model.ModelSquid
net/minecraft/entity/EntityAgeable.java
 net.minecraft.entity.EntityAgeable
net/minecraft/command/CommandGive.java
 net.minecraft.command.CommandGive
net/minecraft/client/model/ModelGhast.java
 net.minecraft.client.model.ModelGhast
net/minecraft/client/resources/GrassColorReloadListener.java
 net.minecraft.client.resources.GrassColorReloadListener
net/minecraft/item/crafting/RecipesWeapons.java
 net.minecraft.item.crafting.RecipesWeapons
net/minecraft/util/StringUtils.java
 net.minecraft.util.StringUtils
net/minecraft/world/gen/feature/WorldGenGlowStone1.java
 net.minecraft.world.gen.feature.WorldGenGlowStone1
net/minecraft/command/CommandGameRule.java
 net.minecraft.command.CommandGameRule
net/minecraft/world/gen/feature/WorldGenDesertWells.java
 net.minecraft.world.gen.feature.WorldGenDesertWells
net/minecraft/client/renderer/chunk/SetVisibility.java
 net.minecraft.client.renderer.chunk.SetVisibility
net/minecraft/server/management/PreYggdrasilConverter.java
 net.minecraft.server.management.PreYggdrasilConverter
 net.minecraft.server.management.PreYggdrasilConverter$1
 net.minecraft.server.management.PreYggdrasilConverter$2
net/minecraft/item/crafting/CraftingManager.java
 net.minecraft.item.crafting.CraftingManager
 net.minecraft.item.crafting.CraftingManager$1
net/minecraft/tileentity/TileEntitySkull.java
 net.minecraft.tileentity.TileEntitySkull
net/minecraft/world/storage/SaveDataMemoryStorage.java
 net.minecraft.world.storage.SaveDataMemoryStorage
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S18PacketEntityTeleport.java
 net.minecraft.network.play.server.S18PacketEntityTeleport
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/RenderPigZombie.java
 net.minecraft.client.renderer.entity.RenderPigZombie
 net.minecraft.client.renderer.entity.RenderPigZombie$1
net/minecraft/stats/StatBase.java
 net.minecraft.stats.StatBase
 net.minecraft.stats.StatBase$1
 net.minecraft.stats.StatBase$2
 net.minecraft.stats.StatBase$3
 net.minecraft.stats.StatBase$4
net/optifine/CustomGuiProperties.java
 net.optifine.CustomGuiProperties
 net.optifine.CustomGuiProperties$1
 net.optifine.CustomGuiProperties$EnumContainer
 net.optifine.CustomGuiProperties$EnumVariant
net/optifine/config/ParserEnchantmentId.java
 net.optifine.config.ParserEnchantmentId
net/minecraft/tileentity/TileEntityMobSpawner.java
 net.minecraft.tileentity.TileEntityMobSpawner
 net.minecraft.tileentity.TileEntityMobSpawner$1
net/minecraft/item/ItemEditableBook.java
 net.minecraft.item.ItemEditableBook
net/minecraft/world/biome/BiomeGenTaiga.java
 net.minecraft.world.biome.BiomeGenTaiga
net/minecraft/item/ItemSoup.java
 net.minecraft.item.ItemSoup
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/RenderSpider.java
 net.minecraft.client.renderer.entity.RenderSpider
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiOptionsRowList.java
 net.minecraft.client.gui.GuiOptionsRowList
 net.minecraft.client.gui.GuiOptionsRowList$Row
net/minecraft/client/model/ModelSkeletonHead.java
 net.minecraft.client.model.ModelSkeletonHead
net/minecraft/item/ItemPiston.java
 net.minecraft.item.ItemPiston
net/minecraft/client/renderer/chunk/IRenderChunkFactory.java
 net.minecraft.client.renderer.chunk.IRenderChunkFactory
net/minecraft/item/ItemLilyPad.java
 net.minecraft.item.ItemLilyPad
net/optifine/shaders/ShadowUtils.java
 net.optifine.shaders.ShadowUtils
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/RenderGuardian.java
 net.minecraft.client.renderer.entity.RenderGuardian
net/minecraft/pathfinding/PathFinder.java
 net.minecraft.pathfinding.PathFinder
net/minecraft/network/PacketThreadUtil.java
 net.minecraft.network.PacketThreadUtil
 net.minecraft.network.PacketThreadUtil$1
net/minecraft/block/BlockPackedIce.java
 net.minecraft.block.BlockPackedIce
net/minecraft/realms/RealmsClickableScrolledSelectionList.java
 net.minecraft.realms.RealmsClickableScrolledSelectionList
net/minecraft/entity/item/EntityMinecartContainer.java
 net.minecraft.entity.item.EntityMinecartContainer
net/minecraft/client/renderer/chunk/CompiledChunk.java
 net.minecraft.client.renderer.chunk.CompiledChunk
 net.minecraft.client.renderer.chunk.CompiledChunk$1
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/RenderSilverfish.java
 net.minecraft.client.renderer.entity.RenderSilverfish
net/minecraft/client/renderer/BlockFluidRenderer.java
 net.minecraft.client.renderer.BlockFluidRenderer
net/minecraft/client/gui/inventory/GuiBeacon.java
 net.minecraft.client.gui.inventory.GuiBeacon
 net.minecraft.client.gui.inventory.GuiBeacon$Button
 net.minecraft.client.gui.inventory.GuiBeacon$CancelButton
 net.minecraft.client.gui.inventory.GuiBeacon$ConfirmButton
 net.minecraft.client.gui.inventory.GuiBeacon$PowerButton
net/minecraft/client/gui/ServerSelectionList.java
 net.minecraft.client.gui.ServerSelectionList
net/minecraft/tileentity/TileEntityComparator.java
 net.minecraft.tileentity.TileEntityComparator
net/minecraft/world/biome/BiomeGenSavanna.java
 net.minecraft.world.biome.BiomeGenSavanna
 net.minecraft.world.biome.BiomeGenSavanna$Mutated
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S20PacketEntityProperties.java
 net.minecraft.network.play.server.S20PacketEntityProperties
 net.minecraft.network.play.server.S20PacketEntityProperties$Snapshot
net/minecraft/entity/EntityFlying.java
 net.minecraft.entity.EntityFlying
net/minecraft/client/shader/ShaderManager.java
 net.minecraft.client.shader.ShaderManager
net/optifine/shaders/config/ShaderParser.java
 net.optifine.shaders.config.ShaderParser
net/minecraft/world/World.java
 net.minecraft.world.World
 net.minecraft.world.World$1
 net.minecraft.world.World$2
 net.minecraft.world.World$3
 net.minecraft.world.World$4
net/minecraft/block/BlockNetherWart.java
 net.minecraft.block.BlockNetherWart
net/minecraft/entity/ai/EntityAIWander.java
 net.minecraft.entity.ai.EntityAIWander
net/minecraft/client/particle/EntityCritFX.java
 net.minecraft.client.particle.EntityCritFX
 net.minecraft.client.particle.EntityCritFX$Factory
net/minecraft/network/login/server/S03PacketEnableCompression.java
 net.minecraft.network.login.server.S03PacketEnableCompression
net/optifine/shaders/config/ShaderOptionSwitch.java
 net.optifine.shaders.config.ShaderOptionSwitch
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S3BPacketScoreboardObjective.java
 net.minecraft.network.play.server.S3BPacketScoreboardObjective
net/minecraft/block/material/MapColor.java
 net.minecraft.block.material.MapColor
net/minecraft/item/ItemSword.java
 net.minecraft.item.ItemSword
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S09PacketHeldItemChange.java
 net.minecraft.network.play.server.S09PacketHeldItemChange
net/minecraft/server/management/UserListBans.java
 net.minecraft.server.management.UserListBans
net/minecraft/world/ChunkCache.java
 net.minecraft.world.ChunkCache
net/minecraft/block/BlockTrapDoor.java
 net.minecraft.block.BlockTrapDoor
 net.minecraft.block.BlockTrapDoor$1
 net.minecraft.block.BlockTrapDoor$DoorHalf
net/minecraft/client/audio/PositionedSoundRecord.java
 net.minecraft.client.audio.PositionedSoundRecord
net/minecraft/block/BlockSand.java
 net.minecraft.block.BlockSand
 net.minecraft.block.BlockSand$EnumType
net/minecraft/tileentity/TileEntityBeacon.java
 net.minecraft.tileentity.TileEntityBeacon
 net.minecraft.tileentity.TileEntityBeacon$BeamSegment
net/optifine/util/CompactArrayList.java
 net.optifine.util.CompactArrayList
net/minecraft/block/material/MaterialPortal.java
 net.minecraft.block.material.MaterialPortal
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S11PacketSpawnExperienceOrb.java
 net.minecraft.network.play.server.S11PacketSpawnExperienceOrb
net/minecraft/client/model/ModelChest.java
 net.minecraft.client.model.ModelChest
net/minecraft/server/integrated/IntegratedServerCommandManager.java
 net.minecraft.server.integrated.IntegratedServerCommandManager
net/optifine/ChunkPosComparator.java
 net.optifine.ChunkPosComparator
net/optifine/CustomColormap.java
 net.optifine.CustomColormap
net/optifine/shaders/Programs.java
 net.optifine.shaders.Programs
net/minecraft/src/Config.java
 net.minecraft.src.Config
net/minecraft/util/IThreadListener.java
 net.minecraft.util.IThreadListener
net/minecraft/entity/passive/EntityPig.java
 net.minecraft.entity.passive.EntityPig
net/optifine/expr/FunctionFloatArray.java
 net.optifine.expr.FunctionFloatArray
net/optifine/util/KeyUtils.java
 net.optifine.util.KeyUtils
net/optifine/entity/model/ModelAdapterBanner.java
 net.optifine.entity.model.ModelAdapterBanner
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/ComponentScatteredFeaturePieces.java
 net.minecraft.world.gen.structure.ComponentScatteredFeaturePieces
 net.minecraft.world.gen.structure.ComponentScatteredFeaturePieces$1
 net.minecraft.world.gen.structure.ComponentScatteredFeaturePieces$DesertPyramid
 net.minecraft.world.gen.structure.ComponentScatteredFeaturePieces$Feature
 net.minecraft.world.gen.structure.ComponentScatteredFeaturePieces$JunglePyramid
 net.minecraft.world.gen.structure.ComponentScatteredFeaturePieces$JunglePyramid$Stones
 net.minecraft.world.gen.structure.ComponentScatteredFeaturePieces$SwampHut
net/minecraft/client/particle/EntityLavaFX.java
 net.minecraft.client.particle.EntityLavaFX
 net.minecraft.client.particle.EntityLavaFX$Factory
net/minecraft/network/status/client/C01PacketPing.java
 net.minecraft.network.status.client.C01PacketPing
net/minecraft/block/BlockPistonBase.java
 net.minecraft.block.BlockPistonBase
 net.minecraft.block.BlockPistonBase$1
net/minecraft/util/IObjectIntIterable.java
 net.minecraft.util.IObjectIntIterable
net/minecraft/command/CommandSpreadPlayers.java
 net.minecraft.command.CommandSpreadPlayers
 net.minecraft.command.CommandSpreadPlayers$Position
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureNetherBridgePieces.java
 net.minecraft.world.gen.structure.StructureNetherBridgePieces
 net.minecraft.world.gen.structure.StructureNetherBridgePieces$1
 net.minecraft.world.gen.structure.StructureNetherBridgePieces$Corridor
 net.minecraft.world.gen.structure.StructureNetherBridgePieces$Corridor2
 net.minecraft.world.gen.structure.StructureNetherBridgePieces$Corridor3
 net.minecraft.world.gen.structure.StructureNetherBridgePieces$Corridor4
 net.minecraft.world.gen.structure.StructureNetherBridgePieces$Corridor5
 net.minecraft.world.gen.structure.StructureNetherBridgePieces$Crossing
 net.minecraft.world.gen.structure.StructureNetherBridgePieces$Crossing2
 net.minecraft.world.gen.structure.StructureNetherBridgePieces$Crossing3
 net.minecraft.world.gen.structure.StructureNetherBridgePieces$End
 net.minecraft.world.gen.structure.StructureNetherBridgePieces$Entrance
 net.minecraft.world.gen.structure.StructureNetherBridgePieces$NetherStalkRoom
 net.minecraft.world.gen.structure.StructureNetherBridgePieces$Piece
 net.minecraft.world.gen.structure.StructureNetherBridgePieces$PieceWeight
 net.minecraft.world.gen.structure.StructureNetherBridgePieces$Stairs
 net.minecraft.world.gen.structure.StructureNetherBridgePieces$Start
 net.minecraft.world.gen.structure.StructureNetherBridgePieces$Straight
 net.minecraft.world.gen.structure.StructureNetherBridgePieces$Throne
net/optifine/entity/model/ModelAdapterQuadruped.java
 net.optifine.entity.model.ModelAdapterQuadruped
net/minecraft/command/CommandWeather.java
 net.minecraft.command.CommandWeather
net/minecraft/world/gen/feature/WorldGenTallGrass.java
 net.minecraft.world.gen.feature.WorldGenTallGrass
net/minecraft/realms/RealmsMth.java
 net.minecraft.realms.RealmsMth
net/optifine/shaders/uniform/ShaderUniform4i.java
 net.optifine.shaders.uniform.ShaderUniform4i
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/RenderXPOrb.java
 net.minecraft.client.renderer.entity.RenderXPOrb
net/minecraft/client/renderer/tileentity/RenderWitherSkull.java
 net.minecraft.client.renderer.tileentity.RenderWitherSkull
net/minecraft/tileentity/TileEntitySign.java
 net.minecraft.tileentity.TileEntitySign
 net.minecraft.tileentity.TileEntitySign$1
 net.minecraft.tileentity.TileEntitySign$2
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/MapGenStronghold.java
 net.minecraft.world.gen.structure.MapGenStronghold
 net.minecraft.world.gen.structure.MapGenStronghold$Start
net/minecraft/entity/IEntityLivingData.java
 net.minecraft.entity.IEntityLivingData
net/minecraft/block/BlockLeavesBase.java
 net.minecraft.block.BlockLeavesBase
net/minecraft/realms/RealmsConnect.java
 net.minecraft.realms.RealmsConnect
 net.minecraft.realms.RealmsConnect$1
net/optifine/util/MathUtils.java
 net.optifine.util.MathUtils
net/optifine/util/MathUtilsTest.java
 net.optifine.util.MathUtilsTest
 net.optifine.util.MathUtilsTest$1
 net.optifine.util.MathUtilsTest$OPER
net/optifine/render/VboRegion.java
 net.optifine.render.VboRegion
net/minecraft/client/renderer/block/statemap/StateMap.java
 net.minecraft.client.renderer.block.statemap.StateMap
 net.minecraft.client.renderer.block.statemap.StateMap$1
 net.minecraft.client.renderer.block.statemap.StateMap$Builder
net/minecraft/server/management/LowerStringMap.java
 net.minecraft.server.management.LowerStringMap
net/minecraft/entity/EnumCreatureType.java
 net.minecraft.entity.EnumCreatureType
net/minecraft/command/CommandException.java
 net.minecraft.command.CommandException
net/minecraft/entity/item/EntityEnderPearl.java
 net.minecraft.entity.item.EntityEnderPearl
net/minecraft/nbt/NBTTagList.java
 net.minecraft.nbt.NBTTagList
net/minecraft/util/IRegistry.java
 net.minecraft.util.IRegistry
net/optifine/http/HttpListener.java
 net.optifine.http.HttpListener
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S3APacketTabComplete.java
 net.minecraft.network.play.server.S3APacketTabComplete
net/minecraft/util/EnchantmentNameParts.java
 net.minecraft.util.EnchantmentNameParts
net/minecraft/util/ObjectIntIdentityMap.java
 net.minecraft.util.ObjectIntIdentityMap
net/minecraft/network/play/client/C07PacketPlayerDigging.java
 net.minecraft.network.play.client.C07PacketPlayerDigging
 net.minecraft.network.play.client.C07PacketPlayerDigging$Action
net/minecraft/block/BlockRedSandstone.java
 net.minecraft.block.BlockRedSandstone
 net.minecraft.block.BlockRedSandstone$EnumType
net/minecraft/client/stream/BroadcastController.java
 net.minecraft.client.stream.BroadcastController
 net.minecraft.client.stream.BroadcastController$1
 net.minecraft.client.stream.BroadcastController$2
 net.minecraft.client.stream.BroadcastController$3
 net.minecraft.client.stream.BroadcastController$BroadcastListener
 net.minecraft.client.stream.BroadcastController$BroadcastState
net/optifine/player/CapeUtils.java
 net.optifine.player.CapeUtils
net/minecraft/world/gen/feature/WorldGenSand.java
 net.minecraft.world.gen.feature.WorldGenSand
net/minecraft/item/ItemEnderPearl.java
 net.minecraft.item.ItemEnderPearl
net/optifine/shaders/uniform/ShaderUniform2f.java
 net.optifine.shaders.uniform.ShaderUniform2f
cn/caiyiming0403/module/Module.java
 cn.caiyiming0403.module.Module
net/optifine/util/RenderChunkUtils.java
 net.optifine.util.RenderChunkUtils
net/minecraft/tileentity/TileEntityEnderChest.java
 net.minecraft.tileentity.TileEntityEnderChest
net/minecraft/entity/item/EntityEnderCrystal.java
 net.minecraft.entity.item.EntityEnderCrystal
net/minecraft/entity/ai/EntityAIOcelotSit.java
 net.minecraft.entity.ai.EntityAIOcelotSit
net/minecraft/client/model/ModelLeashKnot.java
 net.minecraft.client.model.ModelLeashKnot
net/minecraft/client/stream/IngestServerTester.java
 net.minecraft.client.stream.IngestServerTester
 net.minecraft.client.stream.IngestServerTester$1
 net.minecraft.client.stream.IngestServerTester$2
 net.minecraft.client.stream.IngestServerTester$3
 net.minecraft.client.stream.IngestServerTester$IngestTestListener
 net.minecraft.client.stream.IngestServerTester$IngestTestState
net/minecraft/command/server/CommandDeOp.java
 net.minecraft.command.server.CommandDeOp
net/minecraft/block/BlockGrass.java
 net.minecraft.block.BlockGrass
net/optifine/BlockPosM.java
 net.optifine.BlockPosM
 net.optifine.BlockPosM$1
 net.optifine.BlockPosM$1$1
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/MapGenStructureData.java
 net.minecraft.world.gen.structure.MapGenStructureData
net/minecraft/network/handshake/client/C00Handshake.java
 net.minecraft.network.handshake.client.C00Handshake
net/minecraft/enchantment/EnchantmentDigging.java
 net.minecraft.enchantment.EnchantmentDigging
net/optifine/CustomItems.java
 net.optifine.CustomItems
 net.optifine.CustomItems$1
net/minecraft/client/renderer/ThreadDownloadImageData.java
 net.minecraft.client.renderer.ThreadDownloadImageData
 net.minecraft.client.renderer.ThreadDownloadImageData$1
net/minecraft/util/ThreadSafeBoundList.java
 net.minecraft.util.ThreadSafeBoundList
net/minecraft/client/renderer/InventoryEffectRenderer.java
 net.minecraft.client.renderer.InventoryEffectRenderer
net/minecraft/potion/PotionAttackDamage.java
 net.minecraft.potion.PotionAttackDamage
net/optifine/entity/model/ModelAdapterBook.java
 net.optifine.entity.model.ModelAdapterBook
net/optifine/shaders/BlockAliases.java
 net.optifine.shaders.BlockAliases
net/minecraft/command/ServerCommandManager.java
 net.minecraft.command.ServerCommandManager
net/optifine/entity/model/ModelAdapterHorse.java
 net.optifine.entity.model.ModelAdapterHorse
net/minecraft/client/model/ModelEnderman.java
 net.minecraft.client.model.ModelEnderman
net/optifine/shaders/uniform/ShaderUniformM4.java
 net.optifine.shaders.uniform.ShaderUniformM4
net/minecraft/inventory/ContainerRepair.java
 net.minecraft.inventory.ContainerRepair
 net.minecraft.inventory.ContainerRepair$1
 net.minecraft.inventory.ContainerRepair$2
net/minecraft/nbt/NBTBase.java
 net.minecraft.nbt.NBTBase
 net.minecraft.nbt.NBTBase$NBTPrimitive
net/minecraft/entity/IProjectile.java
 net.minecraft.entity.IProjectile
net/minecraft/util/WeightedRandom.java
 net.minecraft.util.WeightedRandom
 net.minecraft.util.WeightedRandom$Item
net/minecraft/client/shader/ShaderLinkHelper.java
 net.minecraft.client.shader.ShaderLinkHelper
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/MapGenVillage.java
 net.minecraft.world.gen.structure.MapGenVillage
 net.minecraft.world.gen.structure.MapGenVillage$Start
net/minecraft/block/BlockChest.java
 net.minecraft.block.BlockChest
net/minecraft/client/resources/IResourcePack.java
 net.minecraft.client.resources.IResourcePack
net/optifine/expr/IExpressionCached.java
 net.optifine.expr.IExpressionCached
net/optifine/shaders/config/PropertyDefaultTrueFalse.java
 net.optifine.shaders.config.PropertyDefaultTrueFalse
net/minecraft/block/BlockBreakable.java
 net.minecraft.block.BlockBreakable
net/minecraft/client/gui/ServerListEntryLanDetected.java
 net.minecraft.client.gui.ServerListEntryLanDetected
net/optifine/BetterSnow.java
 net.optifine.BetterSnow
net/optifine/shaders/gui/GuiShaderOptions.java
 net.optifine.shaders.gui.GuiShaderOptions
net/minecraft/world/biome/WorldChunkManager.java
 net.minecraft.world.biome.WorldChunkManager
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/Render.java
 net.minecraft.client.renderer.entity.Render
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiSlot.java
 net.minecraft.client.gui.GuiSlot
net/minecraft/item/ItemCloth.java
 net.minecraft.item.ItemCloth
net/minecraft/command/CommandBase.java
 net.minecraft.command.CommandBase
 net.minecraft.command.CommandBase$CoordinateArg
net/minecraft/util/EntityDamageSource.java
 net.minecraft.util.EntityDamageSource
net/optifine/expr/FunctionBool.java
 net.optifine.expr.FunctionBool
net/minecraft/world/gen/ChunkProviderEnd.java
 net.minecraft.world.gen.ChunkProviderEnd
net/minecraft/entity/ai/EntityAIAttackOnCollide.java
 net.minecraft.entity.ai.EntityAIAttackOnCollide
net/minecraft/client/resources/data/IMetadataSectionSerializer.java
 net.minecraft.client.resources.data.IMetadataSectionSerializer
net/minecraft/entity/ai/EntityAIMoveTowardsRestriction.java
 net.minecraft.entity.ai.EntityAIMoveTowardsRestriction
net/optifine/GlErrors.java
 net.optifine.GlErrors
net/optifine/util/FrameEvent.java
 net.optifine.util.FrameEvent
net/minecraft/command/server/CommandOp.java
 net.minecraft.command.server.CommandOp
net/optifine/entity/model/ModelAdapterCaveSpider.java
 net.optifine.entity.model.ModelAdapterCaveSpider
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S41PacketServerDifficulty.java
 net.minecraft.network.play.server.S41PacketServerDifficulty
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/MapGenMineshaft.java
 net.minecraft.world.gen.structure.MapGenMineshaft
net/minecraft/client/resources/DefaultPlayerSkin.java
 net.minecraft.client.resources.DefaultPlayerSkin
net/minecraft/util/JsonSerializableSet.java
 net.minecraft.util.JsonSerializableSet
net/minecraft/world/chunk/storage/RegionFileCache.java
 net.minecraft.world.chunk.storage.RegionFileCache
net/optifine/expr/IExpressionBool.java
 net.optifine.expr.IExpressionBool
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureBoundingBox.java
 net.minecraft.world.gen.structure.StructureBoundingBox
 net.minecraft.world.gen.structure.StructureBoundingBox$1
net/minecraft/entity/ai/attributes/ServersideAttributeMap.java
 net.minecraft.entity.ai.attributes.ServersideAttributeMap
net/optifine/entity/model/ModelAdapterPigZombie.java
 net.optifine.entity.model.ModelAdapterPigZombie
net/minecraft/nbt/NBTTagFloat.java
 net.minecraft.nbt.NBTTagFloat
net/minecraft/world/biome/BiomeGenSnow.java
 net.minecraft.world.biome.BiomeGenSnow
net/minecraft/block/BlockBasePressurePlate.java
 net.minecraft.block.BlockBasePressurePlate
net/minecraft/block/BlockPressurePlate.java
 net.minecraft.block.BlockPressurePlate
 net.minecraft.block.BlockPressurePlate$1
 net.minecraft.block.BlockPressurePlate$Sensitivity
net/minecraft/network/EnumConnectionState.java
 net.minecraft.network.EnumConnectionState
 net.minecraft.network.EnumConnectionState$1
 net.minecraft.network.EnumConnectionState$2
 net.minecraft.network.EnumConnectionState$3
 net.minecraft.network.EnumConnectionState$4
net/minecraft/block/BlockStairs.java
 net.minecraft.block.BlockStairs
 net.minecraft.block.BlockStairs$EnumHalf
 net.minecraft.block.BlockStairs$EnumShape
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S34PacketMaps.java
 net.minecraft.network.play.server.S34PacketMaps
net/minecraft/client/gui/spectator/categories/SpectatorDetails.java
 net.minecraft.client.gui.spectator.categories.SpectatorDetails
net/optifine/EmissiveTextures.java
 net.optifine.EmissiveTextures
net/optifine/CustomGuis.java
 net.optifine.CustomGuis
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiEnchantment.java
 net.minecraft.client.gui.GuiEnchantment
net/minecraft/world/biome/WorldChunkManagerHell.java
 net.minecraft.world.biome.WorldChunkManagerHell
net/minecraft/item/ItemSimpleFoiled.java
 net.minecraft.item.ItemSimpleFoiled
net/minecraft/client/gui/inventory/GuiDispenser.java
 net.minecraft.client.gui.inventory.GuiDispenser
net/minecraft/world/gen/feature/WorldGenVines.java
 net.minecraft.world.gen.feature.WorldGenVines
net/minecraft/init/Blocks.java
 net.minecraft.init.Blocks
net/minecraft/network/status/client/C00PacketServerQuery.java
 net.minecraft.network.status.client.C00PacketServerQuery
net/minecraft/block/BlockLever.java
 net.minecraft.block.BlockLever
 net.minecraft.block.BlockLever$1
 net.minecraft.block.BlockLever$EnumOrientation
net/minecraft/util/Vec3.java
 net.minecraft.util.Vec3
net/minecraft/block/BlockCocoa.java
 net.minecraft.block.BlockCocoa
 net.minecraft.block.BlockCocoa$1
net/minecraft/enchantment/EnchantmentFishingSpeed.java
 net.minecraft.enchantment.EnchantmentFishingSpeed
net/optifine/config/VillagerProfession.java
 net.optifine.config.VillagerProfession
net/optifine/shaders/Iterator3d.java
 net.optifine.shaders.Iterator3d
net/minecraft/client/resources/FoliageColorReloadListener.java
 net.minecraft.client.resources.FoliageColorReloadListener
net/minecraft/entity/ai/attributes/IAttributeInstance.java
 net.minecraft.entity.ai.attributes.IAttributeInstance
net/minecraft/world/biome/BiomeGenDesert.java
 net.minecraft.world.biome.BiomeGenDesert
cn/caiyiming0403/module/module/movement/Sprint.java
 cn.caiyiming0403.module.module.movement.Sprint
net/minecraft/command/server/CommandSaveOn.java
 net.minecraft.command.server.CommandSaveOn
net/minecraft/client/gui/stream/GuiIngestServers.java
 net.minecraft.client.gui.stream.GuiIngestServers
 net.minecraft.client.gui.stream.GuiIngestServers$ServerList
net/optifine/shaders/uniform/ShaderUniform4f.java
 net.optifine.shaders.uniform.ShaderUniform4f
net/optifine/ConnectedProperties.java
 net.optifine.ConnectedProperties
net/minecraft/item/ItemAppleGold.java
 net.minecraft.item.ItemAppleGold
net/optifine/shaders/config/ShaderOption.java
 net.optifine.shaders.config.ShaderOption
net/minecraft/world/EnumDifficulty.java
 net.minecraft.world.EnumDifficulty
net/minecraft/command/EntityNotFoundException.java
 net.minecraft.command.EntityNotFoundException
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/layers/LayerCreeperCharge.java
 net.minecraft.client.renderer.entity.layers.LayerCreeperCharge
net/minecraft/client/resources/Language.java
 net.minecraft.client.resources.Language
net/minecraft/client/particle/EntityNoteFX.java
 net.minecraft.client.particle.EntityNoteFX
 net.minecraft.client.particle.EntityNoteFX$Factory
net/optifine/reflect/IFieldLocator.java
 net.optifine.reflect.IFieldLocator
net/minecraft/block/BlockDoubleWoodSlab.java
 net.minecraft.block.BlockDoubleWoodSlab
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/RenderPotion.java
 net.minecraft.client.renderer.entity.RenderPotion
net/minecraft/entity/ai/EntityAIPanic.java
 net.minecraft.entity.ai.EntityAIPanic
net/optifine/GlDebugHandler.java
 net.optifine.GlDebugHandler
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiResourcePackList.java
 net.minecraft.client.gui.GuiResourcePackList
net/optifine/util/ChunkUtils.java
 net.optifine.util.ChunkUtils
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureMineshaftStart.java
 net.minecraft.world.gen.structure.StructureMineshaftStart
net/optifine/entity/model/ModelAdapterEnderman.java
 net.optifine.entity.model.ModelAdapterEnderman
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiPlayerTabOverlay.java
 net.minecraft.client.gui.GuiPlayerTabOverlay
 net.minecraft.client.gui.GuiPlayerTabOverlay$1
 net.minecraft.client.gui.GuiPlayerTabOverlay$PlayerComparator
net/minecraft/client/network/NetHandlerHandshakeMemory.java
 net.minecraft.client.network.NetHandlerHandshakeMemory
net/minecraft/util/EntityDamageSourceIndirect.java
 net.minecraft.util.EntityDamageSourceIndirect
net/minecraft/block/material/MaterialLiquid.java
 net.minecraft.block.material.MaterialLiquid
net/minecraft/item/ItemPotion.java
 net.minecraft.item.ItemPotion
net/minecraft/server/MinecraftServer.java
 net.minecraft.server.MinecraftServer
 net.minecraft.server.MinecraftServer$1
 net.minecraft.server.MinecraftServer$2
 net.minecraft.server.MinecraftServer$3
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S39PacketPlayerAbilities.java
 net.minecraft.network.play.server.S39PacketPlayerAbilities
net/minecraft/command/server/CommandBanIp.java
 net.minecraft.command.server.CommandBanIp
net/optifine/reflect/ReflectorFields.java
 net.optifine.reflect.ReflectorFields
net/minecraft/world/gen/layer/IntCache.java
 net.minecraft.world.gen.layer.IntCache
net/minecraft/village/MerchantRecipe.java
 net.minecraft.village.MerchantRecipe
net/minecraft/stats/StatisticsFile.java
 net.minecraft.stats.StatisticsFile
net/minecraft/item/ItemFood.java
 net.minecraft.item.ItemFood
net/minecraft/block/BlockCarpet.java
 net.minecraft.block.BlockCarpet
net/minecraft/world/biome/BiomeGenSwamp.java
 net.minecraft.world.biome.BiomeGenSwamp
net/minecraft/entity/projectile/EntityEgg.java
 net.minecraft.entity.projectile.EntityEgg
net/minecraft/client/particle/EntityPickupFX.java
 net.minecraft.client.particle.EntityPickupFX
net/minecraft/world/gen/feature/WorldGenHellLava.java
 net.minecraft.world.gen.feature.WorldGenHellLava
net/minecraft/network/play/client/C03PacketPlayer.java
 net.minecraft.network.play.client.C03PacketPlayer
 net.minecraft.network.play.client.C03PacketPlayer$C04PacketPlayerPosition
 net.minecraft.network.play.client.C03PacketPlayer$C05PacketPlayerLook
 net.minecraft.network.play.client.C03PacketPlayer$C06PacketPlayerPosLook
net/minecraft/entity/IMerchant.java
 net.minecraft.entity.IMerchant
net/minecraft/world/gen/layer/GenLayerFuzzyZoom.java
 net.minecraft.world.gen.layer.GenLayerFuzzyZoom
net/minecraft/client/util/JsonException.java
 net.minecraft.client.util.JsonException
 net.minecraft.client.util.JsonException$1
 net.minecraft.client.util.JsonException$Entry
net/minecraft/client/model/ModelHumanoidHead.java
 net.minecraft.client.model.ModelHumanoidHead
net/minecraft/world/gen/feature/WorldGenMelon.java
 net.minecraft.world.gen.feature.WorldGenMelon
net/minecraft/client/renderer/texture/ITickable.java
 net.minecraft.client.renderer.texture.ITickable
net/minecraft/block/material/MaterialLogic.java
 net.minecraft.block.material.MaterialLogic
net/optifine/util/CacheLocal.java
 net.optifine.util.CacheLocal
net/minecraft/client/model/ModelOcelot.java
 net.minecraft.client.model.ModelOcelot
net/optifine/entity/model/anim/ModelResolver.java
 net.optifine.entity.model.anim.ModelResolver
net/minecraft/world/demo/DemoWorldServer.java
 net.minecraft.world.demo.DemoWorldServer
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/RenderHorse.java
 net.minecraft.client.renderer.entity.RenderHorse
net/minecraft/util/MessageSerializer2.java
 net.minecraft.util.MessageSerializer2
net/minecraft/client/model/ModelWitch.java
 net.minecraft.client.model.ModelWitch
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/RenderPig.java
 net.minecraft.client.renderer.entity.RenderPig
net/minecraft/command/server/CommandEmote.java
 net.minecraft.command.server.CommandEmote
net/minecraft/enchantment/EnchantmentWaterWorker.java
 net.minecraft.enchantment.EnchantmentWaterWorker
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiSpectator.java
 net.minecraft.client.gui.GuiSpectator
net/minecraft/network/NettyEncryptingDecoder.java
 net.minecraft.network.NettyEncryptingDecoder
net/minecraft/client/renderer/ChunkRenderContainer.java
 net.minecraft.client.renderer.ChunkRenderContainer
net/minecraft/client/resources/AbstractResourcePack.java
 net.minecraft.client.resources.AbstractResourcePack
net/minecraft/stats/AchievementList.java
 net.minecraft.stats.AchievementList
net/minecraft/client/resources/data/FontMetadataSection.java
 net.minecraft.client.resources.data.FontMetadataSection
net/optifine/http/IFileUploadListener.java
 net.optifine.http.IFileUploadListener
net/minecraft/client/model/ModelSilverfish.java
 net.minecraft.client.model.ModelSilverfish
net/minecraft/block/BlockClay.java
 net.minecraft.block.BlockClay
net/minecraft/world/gen/feature/WorldGenCactus.java
 net.minecraft.world.gen.feature.WorldGenCactus
net/minecraft/command/WrongUsageException.java
 net.minecraft.command.WrongUsageException
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S22PacketMultiBlockChange.java
 net.minecraft.network.play.server.S22PacketMultiBlockChange
 net.minecraft.network.play.server.S22PacketMultiBlockChange$BlockUpdateData
net/optifine/entity/model/ModelAdapterSheepWool.java
 net.optifine.entity.model.ModelAdapterSheepWool
net/minecraft/entity/ai/EntityAIDoorInteract.java
 net.minecraft.entity.ai.EntityAIDoorInteract
net/minecraft/command/CommandReplaceItem.java
 net.minecraft.command.CommandReplaceItem
net/minecraft/util/ChatComponentTranslationFormatException.java
 net.minecraft.util.ChatComponentTranslationFormatException
net/minecraft/client/model/ModelSkeleton.java
 net.minecraft.client.model.ModelSkeleton
net/minecraft/server/integrated/IntegratedPlayerList.java
 net.minecraft.server.integrated.IntegratedPlayerList
net/minecraft/entity/ai/EntityAITarget.java
 net.minecraft.entity.ai.EntityAITarget
net/minecraft/world/border/EnumBorderStatus.java
 net.minecraft.world.border.EnumBorderStatus
net/optifine/expr/IExpression.java
 net.optifine.expr.IExpression
net/minecraft/client/renderer/texture/LayeredTexture.java
 net.minecraft.client.renderer.texture.LayeredTexture
net/minecraft/command/CommandTime.java
 net.minecraft.command.CommandTime
net/minecraft/entity/EntityHanging.java
 net.minecraft.entity.EntityHanging
net/minecraft/client/main/GameConfiguration.java
 net.minecraft.client.main.GameConfiguration
 net.minecraft.client.main.GameConfiguration$DisplayInformation
 net.minecraft.client.main.GameConfiguration$FolderInformation
 net.minecraft.client.main.GameConfiguration$GameInformation
 net.minecraft.client.main.GameConfiguration$ServerInformation
 net.minecraft.client.main.GameConfiguration$UserInformation
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S24PacketBlockAction.java
 net.minecraft.network.play.server.S24PacketBlockAction
net/optifine/shaders/ShaderUtils.java
 net.optifine.shaders.ShaderUtils
net/optifine/entity/model/ModelAdapterSkeleton.java
 net.optifine.entity.model.ModelAdapterSkeleton
net/minecraft/item/ItemSkull.java
 net.minecraft.item.ItemSkull
net/minecraft/item/ItemFireball.java
 net.minecraft.item.ItemFireball
net/minecraft/client/renderer/block/statemap/DefaultStateMapper.java
 net.minecraft.client.renderer.block.statemap.DefaultStateMapper
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S08PacketPlayerPosLook.java
 net.minecraft.network.play.server.S08PacketPlayerPosLook
 net.minecraft.network.play.server.S08PacketPlayerPosLook$EnumFlags
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S06PacketUpdateHealth.java
 net.minecraft.network.play.server.S06PacketUpdateHealth
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiFlatPresets.java
 net.minecraft.client.gui.GuiFlatPresets
 net.minecraft.client.gui.GuiFlatPresets$LayerItem
 net.minecraft.client.gui.GuiFlatPresets$ListSlot
net/minecraft/client/gui/spectator/categories/TeleportToPlayer.java
 net.minecraft.client.gui.spectator.categories.TeleportToPlayer
 net.minecraft.client.gui.spectator.categories.TeleportToPlayer$1
net/minecraft/network/play/client/C19PacketResourcePackStatus.java
 net.minecraft.network.play.client.C19PacketResourcePackStatus
 net.minecraft.network.play.client.C19PacketResourcePackStatus$Action
net/minecraft/util/ITickable.java
 net.minecraft.util.ITickable
net/minecraft/client/renderer/WorldVertexBufferUploader.java
 net.minecraft.client.renderer.WorldVertexBufferUploader
 net.minecraft.client.renderer.WorldVertexBufferUploader$1
net/minecraft/scoreboard/GoalColor.java
 net.minecraft.scoreboard.GoalColor
net/optifine/gui/GuiOptionButtonOF.java
 net.optifine.gui.GuiOptionButtonOF
net/minecraft/block/BlockTNT.java
 net.minecraft.block.BlockTNT
net/optifine/http/HttpPipelineRequest.java
 net.optifine.http.HttpPipelineRequest
net/minecraft/world/gen/ChunkProviderServer.java
 net.minecraft.world.gen.ChunkProviderServer
net/minecraft/block/BlockDispenser.java
 net.minecraft.block.BlockDispenser
net/minecraftforge/client/model/TRSRTransformation.java
 net.minecraftforge.client.model.TRSRTransformation
net/minecraft/util/LoggingPrintStream.java
 net.minecraft.util.LoggingPrintStream
net/minecraft/client/model/ModelBanner.java
 net.minecraft.client.model.ModelBanner
net/minecraft/client/renderer/tileentity/TileEntityEndPortalRenderer.java
 net.minecraft.client.renderer.tileentity.TileEntityEndPortalRenderer
net/optifine/config/INameGetter.java
 net.optifine.config.INameGetter
net/minecraft/client/model/ModelPig.java
 net.minecraft.client.model.ModelPig
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiMerchant.java
 net.minecraft.client.gui.GuiMerchant
 net.minecraft.client.gui.GuiMerchant$MerchantButton
net/minecraft/entity/ai/EntityJumpHelper.java
 net.minecraft.entity.ai.EntityJumpHelper
net/minecraft/profiler/Profiler.java
 net.minecraft.profiler.Profiler
 net.minecraft.profiler.Profiler$Result
net/minecraft/entity/ai/EntityAIMate.java
 net.minecraft.entity.ai.EntityAIMate
net/minecraft/network/PingResponseHandler.java
 net.minecraft.network.PingResponseHandler
net/minecraft/client/particle/EntityDiggingFX.java
 net.minecraft.client.particle.EntityDiggingFX
 net.minecraft.client.particle.EntityDiggingFX$Factory
net/minecraft/entity/ai/EntityAIOwnerHurtByTarget.java
 net.minecraft.entity.ai.EntityAIOwnerHurtByTarget
net/minecraft/util/RegistryNamespacedDefaultedByKey.java
 net.minecraft.util.RegistryNamespacedDefaultedByKey
net/minecraft/entity/ai/attributes/ModifiableAttributeInstance.java
 net.minecraft.entity.ai.attributes.ModifiableAttributeInstance
net/optifine/reflect/FieldLocatorType.java
 net.optifine.reflect.FieldLocatorType
net/minecraft/dispenser/ILocation.java
 net.minecraft.dispenser.ILocation
net/minecraft/client/particle/EntityPortalFX.java
 net.minecraft.client.particle.EntityPortalFX
 net.minecraft.client.particle.EntityPortalFX$Factory
net/minecraft/client/renderer/texture/LayeredColorMaskTexture.java
 net.minecraft.client.renderer.texture.LayeredColorMaskTexture
net/minecraft/block/BlockHopper.java
 net.minecraft.block.BlockHopper
 net.minecraft.block.BlockHopper$1
net/minecraft/client/model/ModelZombie.java
 net.minecraft.client.model.ModelZombie
net/optifine/shaders/config/ShaderOptionProfile.java
 net.optifine.shaders.config.ShaderOptionProfile
net/minecraft/client/renderer/RenderGlobal.java
 net.minecraft.client.renderer.RenderGlobal
 net.minecraft.client.renderer.RenderGlobal$1
 net.minecraft.client.renderer.RenderGlobal$2
 net.minecraft.client.renderer.RenderGlobal$ContainerLocalRenderInformation
net/minecraft/item/ItemMapBase.java
 net.minecraft.item.ItemMapBase
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/RenderChicken.java
 net.minecraft.client.renderer.entity.RenderChicken
net/minecraft/world/chunk/storage/IChunkLoader.java
 net.minecraft.world.chunk.storage.IChunkLoader
net/minecraft/item/ItemMinecart.java
 net.minecraft.item.ItemMinecart
 net.minecraft.item.ItemMinecart$1
cn/caiyiming0403/module/Type.java
 cn.caiyiming0403.module.Type
net/minecraft/client/model/ModelRabbit.java
 net.minecraft.client.model.ModelRabbit
net/minecraft/block/BlockBush.java
 net.minecraft.block.BlockBush
net/minecraft/world/biome/BiomeGenEnd.java
 net.minecraft.world.biome.BiomeGenEnd
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/layers/LayerSnowmanHead.java
 net.minecraft.client.renderer.entity.layers.LayerSnowmanHead
net/optifine/player/PlayerItemRenderer.java
 net.optifine.player.PlayerItemRenderer
net/minecraft/block/BlockHugeMushroom.java
 net.minecraft.block.BlockHugeMushroom
 net.minecraft.block.BlockHugeMushroom$1
 net.minecraft.block.BlockHugeMushroom$EnumType
net/minecraft/command/CommandXP.java
 net.minecraft.command.CommandXP
net/minecraft/world/gen/ChunkProviderFlat.java
 net.minecraft.world.gen.ChunkProviderFlat
net/minecraft/world/gen/layer/GenLayerDeepOcean.java
 net.minecraft.world.gen.layer.GenLayerDeepOcean
net/minecraft/util/ClassInheritanceMultiMap.java
 net.minecraft.util.ClassInheritanceMultiMap
 net.minecraft.util.ClassInheritanceMultiMap$1
net/minecraft/item/crafting/FurnaceRecipes.java
 net.minecraft.item.crafting.FurnaceRecipes
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiIngameMenu.java
 net.minecraft.client.gui.GuiIngameMenu
net/optifine/RandomEntityProperties.java
 net.optifine.RandomEntityProperties
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S23PacketBlockChange.java
 net.minecraft.network.play.server.S23PacketBlockChange
net/minecraft/client/stream/NullStream.java
 net.minecraft.client.stream.NullStream
net/minecraft/entity/ai/EntityAIOwnerHurtTarget.java
 net.minecraft.entity.ai.EntityAIOwnerHurtTarget
net/minecraft/client/particle/EntityEnchantmentTableParticleFX.java
 net.minecraft.client.particle.EntityEnchantmentTableParticleFX
 net.minecraft.client.particle.EntityEnchantmentTableParticleFX$EnchantmentTable
net/minecraft/world/gen/feature/WorldGenMegaJungle.java
 net.minecraft.world.gen.feature.WorldGenMegaJungle
net/minecraft/enchantment/EnchantmentLootBonus.java
 net.minecraft.enchantment.EnchantmentLootBonus
net/minecraft/entity/ai/EntityAIMoveTowardsTarget.java
 net.minecraft.entity.ai.EntityAIMoveTowardsTarget
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiErrorScreen.java
 net.minecraft.client.gui.GuiErrorScreen
net/optifine/player/PlayerConfiguration.java
 net.optifine.player.PlayerConfiguration
net/minecraft/client/settings/KeyBinding.java
 net.minecraft.client.settings.KeyBinding
net/minecraft/client/renderer/block/model/ItemModelGenerator.java
 net.minecraft.client.renderer.block.model.ItemModelGenerator
 net.minecraft.client.renderer.block.model.ItemModelGenerator$1
 net.minecraft.client.renderer.block.model.ItemModelGenerator$Span
 net.minecraft.client.renderer.block.model.ItemModelGenerator$SpanFacing
net/minecraft/item/crafting/RecipesMapCloning.java
 net.minecraft.item.crafting.RecipesMapCloning
net/minecraft/world/gen/NoiseGenerator.java
 net.minecraft.world.gen.NoiseGenerator
net/optifine/http/HttpUtils.java
 net.optifine.http.HttpUtils
net/minecraft/client/resources/data/IMetadataSection.java
 net.minecraft.client.resources.data.IMetadataSection
net/minecraft/block/properties/PropertyInteger.java
 net.minecraft.block.properties.PropertyInteger
net/minecraft/entity/ai/EntityAIFindEntityNearest.java
 net.minecraft.entity.ai.EntityAIFindEntityNearest
 net.minecraft.entity.ai.EntityAIFindEntityNearest$1
net/minecraft/world/storage/SaveHandler.java
 net.minecraft.world.storage.SaveHandler
net/minecraft/command/server/CommandTeleport.java
 net.minecraft.command.server.CommandTeleport
net/optifine/shaders/SVertexFormat.java
 net.optifine.shaders.SVertexFormat
net/minecraft/client/renderer/BlockModelShapes.java
 net.minecraft.client.renderer.BlockModelShapes
 net.minecraft.client.renderer.BlockModelShapes$1
 net.minecraft.client.renderer.BlockModelShapes$2
 net.minecraft.client.renderer.BlockModelShapes$3
 net.minecraft.client.renderer.BlockModelShapes$4
 net.minecraft.client.renderer.BlockModelShapes$5
 net.minecraft.client.renderer.BlockModelShapes$6
 net.minecraft.client.renderer.BlockModelShapes$7
 net.minecraft.client.renderer.BlockModelShapes$8
net/minecraft/world/pathfinder/NodeProcessor.java
 net.minecraft.world.pathfinder.NodeProcessor
net/minecraft/network/NetworkSystem.java
 net.minecraft.network.NetworkSystem
 net.minecraft.network.NetworkSystem$1
 net.minecraft.network.NetworkSystem$2
 net.minecraft.network.NetworkSystem$3
 net.minecraft.network.NetworkSystem$4
 net.minecraft.network.NetworkSystem$5
 net.minecraft.network.NetworkSystem$6
 net.minecraft.network.NetworkSystem$7
net/minecraft/client/renderer/texture/TextureClock.java
 net.minecraft.client.renderer.texture.TextureClock
net/optifine/entity/model/ModelAdapterSpider.java
 net.optifine.entity.model.ModelAdapterSpider
net/minecraft/client/resources/data/AnimationMetadataSection.java
 net.minecraft.client.resources.data.AnimationMetadataSection
net/minecraft/client/particle/EntityLargeExplodeFX.java
 net.minecraft.client.particle.EntityLargeExplodeFX
 net.minecraft.client.particle.EntityLargeExplodeFX$Factory
net/optifine/shaders/IteratorRenderChunks.java
 net.optifine.shaders.IteratorRenderChunks
net/optifine/texture/TextureType.java
 net.optifine.texture.TextureType
net/optifine/shaders/uniform/Smoother.java
 net.optifine.shaders.uniform.Smoother
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/layers/LayerIronGolemFlower.java
 net.minecraft.client.renderer.entity.layers.LayerIronGolemFlower
net/minecraft/entity/SharedMonsterAttributes.java
 net.minecraft.entity.SharedMonsterAttributes
net/minecraft/util/EnumChatFormatting.java
 net.minecraft.util.EnumChatFormatting
net/minecraft/pathfinding/PathPoint.java
 net.minecraft.pathfinding.PathPoint
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiSlider.java
 net.minecraft.client.gui.GuiSlider
 net.minecraft.client.gui.GuiSlider$FormatHelper
net/optifine/entity/model/ModelAdapterMagmaCube.java
 net.optifine.entity.model.ModelAdapterMagmaCube
net/optifine/util/LockCounter.java
 net.optifine.util.LockCounter
net/minecraft/command/CommandNotFoundException.java
 net.minecraft.command.CommandNotFoundException
net/minecraft/client/resources/data/LanguageMetadataSection.java
 net.minecraft.client.resources.data.LanguageMetadataSection
net/minecraft/enchantment/EnchantmentArrowFire.java
 net.minecraft.enchantment.EnchantmentArrowFire
net/minecraft/client/shader/Shader.java
 net.minecraft.client.shader.Shader
net/minecraft/entity/passive/EntitySheep.java
 net.minecraft.entity.passive.EntitySheep
 net.minecraft.entity.passive.EntitySheep$1
net/minecraft/block/BlockStoneSlabNew.java
 net.minecraft.block.BlockStoneSlabNew
 net.minecraft.block.BlockStoneSlabNew$EnumType
net/minecraft/item/ItemCoal.java
 net.minecraft.item.ItemCoal
net/optifine/expr/ParseException.java
 net.optifine.expr.ParseException
net/minecraft/client/model/ModelBase.java
 net.minecraft.client.model.ModelBase
net/minecraft/item/ItemBucketMilk.java
 net.minecraft.item.ItemBucketMilk
net/minecraft/inventory/ContainerBeacon.java
 net.minecraft.inventory.ContainerBeacon
 net.minecraft.inventory.ContainerBeacon$BeaconSlot
net/optifine/render/GlBlendState.java
 net.optifine.render.GlBlendState
net/minecraft/world/gen/feature/WorldGenLiquids.java
 net.minecraft.world.gen.feature.WorldGenLiquids
net/minecraft/nbt/NBTUtil.java
 net.minecraft.nbt.NBTUtil
net/minecraft/stats/StatCrafting.java
 net.minecraft.stats.StatCrafting
net/minecraft/block/BlockDynamicLiquid.java
 net.minecraft.block.BlockDynamicLiquid
net/minecraft/block/material/Material.java
 net.minecraft.block.material.Material
 net.minecraft.block.material.Material$1
net/minecraft/util/ScreenShotHelper.java
 net.minecraft.util.ScreenShotHelper
net/minecraft/block/BlockPistonMoving.java
 net.minecraft.block.BlockPistonMoving
net/minecraft/enchantment/EnchantmentThorns.java
 net.minecraft.enchantment.EnchantmentThorns
net/minecraft/client/renderer/ActiveRenderInfo.java
 net.minecraft.client.renderer.ActiveRenderInfo
net/minecraft/entity/EntityTrackerEntry.java
 net.minecraft.entity.EntityTrackerEntry
net/minecraft/client/renderer/block/model/BlockFaceUV.java
 net.minecraft.client.renderer.block.model.BlockFaceUV
 net.minecraft.client.renderer.block.model.BlockFaceUV$Deserializer
net/minecraft/stats/IStatStringFormat.java
 net.minecraft.stats.IStatStringFormat
net/minecraft/world/biome/BiomeColorHelper.java
 net.minecraft.world.biome.BiomeColorHelper
 net.minecraft.world.biome.BiomeColorHelper$1
 net.minecraft.world.biome.BiomeColorHelper$2
 net.minecraft.world.biome.BiomeColorHelper$3
 net.minecraft.world.biome.BiomeColorHelper$ColorResolver
net/minecraft/inventory/InventoryBasic.java
 net.minecraft.inventory.InventoryBasic
net/minecraft/block/BlockMelon.java
 net.minecraft.block.BlockMelon
net/minecraft/block/BlockSnow.java
 net.minecraft.block.BlockSnow
net/minecraft/item/ItemArmor.java
 net.minecraft.item.ItemArmor
 net.minecraft.item.ItemArmor$1
 net.minecraft.item.ItemArmor$ArmorMaterial
net/minecraft/command/server/CommandMessage.java
 net.minecraft.command.server.CommandMessage
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/RendererLivingEntity.java
 net.minecraft.client.renderer.entity.RendererLivingEntity
 net.minecraft.client.renderer.entity.RendererLivingEntity$1
net/minecraft/item/ItemSlab.java
 net.minecraft.item.ItemSlab
net/minecraft/scoreboard/ScoreDummyCriteria.java
 net.minecraft.scoreboard.ScoreDummyCriteria
net/optifine/ConnectedTexturesCompact.java
 net.optifine.ConnectedTexturesCompact
 net.optifine.ConnectedTexturesCompact$1
 net.optifine.ConnectedTexturesCompact$Dir
net/minecraft/client/model/ModelBook.java
 net.minecraft.client.model.ModelBook
net/minecraft/entity/ai/EntityAIBeg.java
 net.minecraft.entity.ai.EntityAIBeg
net/minecraft/network/status/INetHandlerStatusClient.java
 net.minecraft.network.status.INetHandlerStatusClient
net/optifine/player/ModelPlayerItem.java
 net.optifine.player.ModelPlayerItem
net/minecraft/client/particle/EffectRenderer.java
 net.minecraft.client.particle.EffectRenderer
 net.minecraft.client.particle.EffectRenderer$1
 net.minecraft.client.particle.EffectRenderer$2
 net.minecraft.client.particle.EffectRenderer$3
 net.minecraft.client.particle.EffectRenderer$4
net/minecraft/command/CommandParticle.java
 net.minecraft.command.CommandParticle
net/minecraft/client/LoadingScreenRenderer.java
 net.minecraft.client.LoadingScreenRenderer
net/minecraft/world/gen/layer/GenLayerZoom.java
 net.minecraft.world.gen.layer.GenLayerZoom
cn/caiyiming0403/module/ModuleManager.java
 cn.caiyiming0403.module.ModuleManager
net/minecraft/block/state/pattern/BlockHelper.java
 net.minecraft.block.state.pattern.BlockHelper
net/minecraft/item/ItemReed.java
 net.minecraft.item.ItemReed
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/RenderSkeleton.java
 net.minecraft.client.renderer.entity.RenderSkeleton
 net.minecraft.client.renderer.entity.RenderSkeleton$1
net/minecraft/tileentity/TileEntityDropper.java
 net.minecraft.tileentity.TileEntityDropper
net/minecraft/block/BlockHalfStoneSlabNew.java
 net.minecraft.block.BlockHalfStoneSlabNew
net/minecraft/client/resources/SkinManager.java
 net.minecraft.client.resources.SkinManager
 net.minecraft.client.resources.SkinManager$1
 net.minecraft.client.resources.SkinManager$2
 net.minecraft.client.resources.SkinManager$3
 net.minecraft.client.resources.SkinManager$3$1
 net.minecraft.client.resources.SkinManager$SkinAvailableCallback
net/minecraft/entity/monster/EntityGiantZombie.java
 net.minecraft.entity.monster.EntityGiantZombie
net/minecraft/dispenser/PositionImpl.java
 net.minecraft.dispenser.PositionImpl
net/minecraft/command/ICommandSender.java
 net.minecraft.command.ICommandSender
net/minecraft/network/login/client/C00PacketLoginStart.java
 net.minecraft.network.login.client.C00PacketLoginStart
net/minecraft/util/ChatComponentProcessor.java
 net.minecraft.util.ChatComponentProcessor
net/minecraft/server/network/NetHandlerLoginServer.java
 net.minecraft.server.network.NetHandlerLoginServer
 net.minecraft.server.network.NetHandlerLoginServer$1
 net.minecraft.server.network.NetHandlerLoginServer$2
 net.minecraft.server.network.NetHandlerLoginServer$LoginState
net/optifine/entity/model/ModelAdapterBoat.java
 net.optifine.entity.model.ModelAdapterBoat
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/RenderLightningBolt.java
 net.minecraft.client.renderer.entity.RenderLightningBolt
net/minecraft/block/BlockSlime.java
 net.minecraft.block.BlockSlime
net/minecraft/world/biome/BiomeGenHills.java
 net.minecraft.world.biome.BiomeGenHills
net/minecraft/client/resources/model/SimpleBakedModel.java
 net.minecraft.client.resources.model.SimpleBakedModel
 net.minecraft.client.resources.model.SimpleBakedModel$Builder
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/RenderLeashKnot.java
 net.minecraft.client.renderer.entity.RenderLeashKnot
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/RenderMinecart.java
 net.minecraft.client.renderer.entity.RenderMinecart
net/optifine/model/BlockModelUtils.java
 net.optifine.model.BlockModelUtils
net/optifine/util/LinkedList.java
 net.optifine.util.LinkedList
 net.optifine.util.LinkedList$1
 net.optifine.util.LinkedList$Node
net/optifine/entity/model/ModelAdapterWither.java
 net.optifine.entity.model.ModelAdapterWither
net/minecraft/command/CommandPlaySound.java
 net.minecraft.command.CommandPlaySound
net/minecraft/world/gen/feature/WorldGenSwamp.java
 net.minecraft.world.gen.feature.WorldGenSwamp
net/minecraft/network/play/client/C10PacketCreativeInventoryAction.java
 net.minecraft.network.play.client.C10PacketCreativeInventoryAction
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiWinGame.java
 net.minecraft.client.gui.GuiWinGame
net/minecraft/item/ItemPickaxe.java
 net.minecraft.item.ItemPickaxe
net/optifine/entity/model/ModelAdapterSnowman.java
 net.optifine.entity.model.ModelAdapterSnowman
net/minecraft/world/biome/BiomeCache.java
 net.minecraft.world.biome.BiomeCache
 net.minecraft.world.biome.BiomeCache$Block
net/minecraft/command/CommandCompare.java
 net.minecraft.command.CommandCompare
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S37PacketStatistics.java
 net.minecraft.network.play.server.S37PacketStatistics
net/minecraft/world/pathfinder/WalkNodeProcessor.java
 net.minecraft.world.pathfinder.WalkNodeProcessor
net/minecraft/command/server/CommandBlockLogic.java
 net.minecraft.command.server.CommandBlockLogic
 net.minecraft.command.server.CommandBlockLogic$1
 net.minecraft.command.server.CommandBlockLogic$2
net/minecraft/entity/ai/EntityAIVillagerInteract.java
 net.minecraft.entity.ai.EntityAIVillagerInteract
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S43PacketCamera.java
 net.minecraft.network.play.server.S43PacketCamera
net/minecraft/world/WorldProviderEnd.java
 net.minecraft.world.WorldProviderEnd
net/minecraft/util/Timer.java
 net.minecraft.util.Timer
net/minecraft/client/audio/SoundEventAccessor.java
 net.minecraft.client.audio.SoundEventAccessor
net/optifine/gui/TooltipProviderShaderOptions.java
 net.optifine.gui.TooltipProviderShaderOptions
net/minecraft/command/CommandStats.java
 net.minecraft.command.CommandStats
net/minecraft/world/WorldType.java
 net.minecraft.world.WorldType
net/optifine/TextureAnimations.java
 net.optifine.TextureAnimations
net/minecraft/entity/EntityCreature.java
 net.minecraft.entity.EntityCreature
net/minecraft/client/model/ModelQuadruped.java
 net.minecraft.client.model.ModelQuadruped
net/minecraft/world/biome/BiomeGenMushroomIsland.java
 net.minecraft.world.biome.BiomeGenMushroomIsland
net/minecraft/block/Block.java
 net.minecraft.block.Block
 net.minecraft.block.Block$1
 net.minecraft.block.Block$2
 net.minecraft.block.Block$3
 net.minecraft.block.Block$4
 net.minecraft.block.Block$EnumOffsetType
 net.minecraft.block.Block$SoundType
net/minecraft/util/FoodStats.java
 net.minecraft.util.FoodStats
net/optifine/expr/TestExpressions.java
 net.optifine.expr.TestExpressions
net/minecraft/client/renderer/culling/ClippingHelperImpl.java
 net.minecraft.client.renderer.culling.ClippingHelperImpl
net/minecraft/block/BlockSilverfish.java
 net.minecraft.block.BlockSilverfish
 net.minecraft.block.BlockSilverfish$1
 net.minecraft.block.BlockSilverfish$EnumType
 net.minecraft.block.BlockSilverfish$EnumType$1
 net.minecraft.block.BlockSilverfish$EnumType$2
 net.minecraft.block.BlockSilverfish$EnumType$3
 net.minecraft.block.BlockSilverfish$EnumType$4
 net.minecraft.block.BlockSilverfish$EnumType$5
 net.minecraft.block.BlockSilverfish$EnumType$6
net/minecraft/item/ItemLead.java
 net.minecraft.item.ItemLead
net/minecraft/network/play/client/C16PacketClientStatus.java
 net.minecraft.network.play.client.C16PacketClientStatus
 net.minecraft.network.play.client.C16PacketClientStatus$EnumState
net/minecraft/client/multiplayer/GuiConnecting.java
 net.minecraft.client.multiplayer.GuiConnecting
 net.minecraft.client.multiplayer.GuiConnecting$1
net/minecraft/scoreboard/Scoreboard.java
 net.minecraft.scoreboard.Scoreboard
net/minecraft/entity/ai/EntityAIFollowGolem.java
 net.minecraft.entity.ai.EntityAIFollowGolem
net/optifine/RandomEntity.java
 net.optifine.RandomEntity
cn/caiyiming0403/module/Settings/EnableSetting.java
 cn.caiyiming0403.module.Settings.EnableSetting
net/minecraft/network/EnumPacketDirection.java
 net.minecraft.network.EnumPacketDirection
net/minecraft/network/login/server/S01PacketEncryptionRequest.java
 net.minecraft.network.login.server.S01PacketEncryptionRequest
net/minecraft/command/CommandKill.java
 net.minecraft.command.CommandKill
net/minecraft/world/gen/layer/GenLayerRiverInit.java
 net.minecraft.world.gen.layer.GenLayerRiverInit
net/minecraft/client/audio/SoundHandler.java
 net.minecraft.client.audio.SoundHandler
 net.minecraft.client.audio.SoundHandler$1
 net.minecraft.client.audio.SoundHandler$2
 net.minecraft.client.audio.SoundHandler$3
net/minecraft/enchantment/EnumEnchantmentType.java
 net.minecraft.enchantment.EnumEnchantmentType
net/minecraft/client/gui/ChatLine.java
 net.minecraft.client.gui.ChatLine
net/minecraft/entity/item/EntityMinecart.java
 net.minecraft.entity.item.EntityMinecart
 net.minecraft.entity.item.EntityMinecart$1
 net.minecraft.entity.item.EntityMinecart$EnumMinecartType
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/ArmorStandRenderer.java
 net.minecraft.client.renderer.entity.ArmorStandRenderer
 net.minecraft.client.renderer.entity.ArmorStandRenderer$1
net/minecraft/entity/ai/EntitySenses.java
 net.minecraft.entity.ai.EntitySenses
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S0FPacketSpawnMob.java
 net.minecraft.network.play.server.S0FPacketSpawnMob
net/minecraft/world/LockCode.java
 net.minecraft.world.LockCode
net/minecraft/client/renderer/block/statemap/StateMapperBase.java
 net.minecraft.client.renderer.block.statemap.StateMapperBase
net/minecraft/tileentity/TileEntityFlowerPot.java
 net.minecraft.tileentity.TileEntityFlowerPot
net/minecraft/block/BlockRedstoneDiode.java
 net.minecraft.block.BlockRedstoneDiode
net/minecraft/stats/IStatType.java
 net.minecraft.stats.IStatType
net/minecraft/client/model/ModelPlayer.java
 net.minecraft.client.model.ModelPlayer
net/minecraft/entity/ai/EntityAIFollowOwner.java
 net.minecraft.entity.ai.EntityAIFollowOwner
net/minecraft/inventory/ISidedInventory.java
 net.minecraft.inventory.ISidedInventory
net/optifine/shaders/uniform/CustomUniform.java
 net.optifine.shaders.uniform.CustomUniform
net/minecraft/util/MessageDeserializer2.java
 net.minecraft.util.MessageDeserializer2
net/minecraft/enchantment/Enchantment.java
 net.minecraft.enchantment.Enchantment
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiDisconnected.java
 net.minecraft.client.gui.GuiDisconnected
net/optifine/shaders/config/ShaderOptionVariableConst.java
 net.optifine.shaders.config.ShaderOptionVariableConst
net/optifine/entity/model/ModelAdapter.java
 net.optifine.entity.model.ModelAdapter
net/minecraft/world/gen/feature/WorldGenPumpkin.java
 net.minecraft.world.gen.feature.WorldGenPumpkin
net/minecraft/command/CommandEnchant.java
 net.minecraft.command.CommandEnchant
net/minecraft/entity/monster/EntityZombie.java
 net.minecraft.entity.monster.EntityZombie
 net.minecraft.entity.monster.EntityZombie$1
 net.minecraft.entity.monster.EntityZombie$GroupData
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/RenderOcelot.java
 net.minecraft.client.renderer.entity.RenderOcelot
net/minecraft/enchantment/EnchantmentProtection.java
 net.minecraft.enchantment.EnchantmentProtection
net/minecraft/entity/effect/EntityWeatherEffect.java
 net.minecraft.entity.effect.EntityWeatherEffect
net/minecraft/network/status/server/S01PacketPong.java
 net.minecraft.network.status.server.S01PacketPong
net/minecraft/block/BlockRedstoneRepeater.java
 net.minecraft.block.BlockRedstoneRepeater
net/minecraft/client/resources/model/ModelRotation.java
 net.minecraft.client.resources.model.ModelRotation
net/optifine/Mipmaps.java
 net.optifine.Mipmaps
net/minecraft/block/BlockPlanks.java
 net.minecraft.block.BlockPlanks
 net.minecraft.block.BlockPlanks$EnumType
net/minecraft/block/BlockNetherBrick.java
 net.minecraft.block.BlockNetherBrick
net/minecraft/block/state/BlockState.java
 net.minecraft.block.state.BlockState
 net.minecraft.block.state.BlockState$1
 net.minecraft.block.state.BlockState$2
 net.minecraft.block.state.BlockState$StateImplementation
net/minecraft/pathfinding/Path.java
 net.minecraft.pathfinding.Path
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S40PacketDisconnect.java
 net.minecraft.network.play.server.S40PacketDisconnect
net/optifine/texture/PixelType.java
 net.optifine.texture.PixelType
net/optifine/expr/ConstantFloat.java
 net.optifine.expr.ConstantFloat
net/minecraft/block/BlockNetherrack.java
 net.minecraft.block.BlockNetherrack
net/minecraft/world/gen/feature/WorldGenShrub.java
 net.minecraft.world.gen.feature.WorldGenShrub
net/minecraft/block/BlockMobSpawner.java
 net.minecraft.block.BlockMobSpawner
net/minecraft/client/renderer/block/model/BreakingFour.java
 net.minecraft.client.renderer.block.model.BreakingFour
 net.minecraft.client.renderer.block.model.BreakingFour$1
net/minecraft/network/status/server/S00PacketServerInfo.java
 net.minecraft.network.status.server.S00PacketServerInfo
net/optifine/CustomColors.java
 net.optifine.CustomColors
 net.optifine.CustomColors$1
 net.optifine.CustomColors$2
 net.optifine.CustomColors$3
 net.optifine.CustomColors$4
 net.optifine.CustomColors$5
 net.optifine.CustomColors$IColorizer
net/minecraft/world/gen/ChunkProviderDebug.java
 net.minecraft.world.gen.ChunkProviderDebug
net/minecraft/util/EnumWorldBlockLayer.java
 net.minecraft.util.EnumWorldBlockLayer
net/minecraft/util/HttpUtil.java
 net.minecraft.util.HttpUtil
 net.minecraft.util.HttpUtil$1
net/minecraft/entity/passive/EntityChicken.java
 net.minecraft.entity.passive.EntityChicken
net/minecraft/item/ItemRedstone.java
 net.minecraft.item.ItemRedstone
net/optifine/gui/GuiButtonOF.java
 net.optifine.gui.GuiButtonOF
net/minecraft/world/gen/layer/GenLayerRemoveTooMuchOcean.java
 net.minecraft.world.gen.layer.GenLayerRemoveTooMuchOcean
net/minecraft/client/particle/EntityHeartFX.java
 net.minecraft.client.particle.EntityHeartFX
 net.minecraft.client.particle.EntityHeartFX$AngryVillagerFactory
 net.minecraft.client.particle.EntityHeartFX$Factory
net/minecraft/world/gen/NoiseGeneratorImproved.java
 net.minecraft.world.gen.NoiseGeneratorImproved
net/minecraft/client/main/Main.java
 net.minecraft.client.main.Main
 net.minecraft.client.main.Main$1
 net.minecraft.client.main.Main$2
net/optifine/entity/model/ModelAdapterMinecartMobSpawner.java
 net.optifine.entity.model.ModelAdapterMinecartMobSpawner
net/minecraft/tileentity/TileEntityPiston.java
 net.minecraft.tileentity.TileEntityPiston
 net.minecraft.tileentity.TileEntityPiston$1
net/minecraft/client/resources/model/IBakedModel.java
 net.minecraft.client.resources.model.IBakedModel
net/optifine/shaders/SMCLog.java
 net.optifine.shaders.SMCLog
net/minecraft/block/BlockPumpkin.java
 net.minecraft.block.BlockPumpkin
 net.minecraft.block.BlockPumpkin$1
net/optifine/util/CacheObjectArray.java
 net.optifine.util.CacheObjectArray
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/RenderTntMinecart.java
 net.minecraft.client.renderer.entity.RenderTntMinecart
net/minecraft/command/CommandClearInventory.java
 net.minecraft.command.CommandClearInventory
net/minecraft/entity/ai/EntityAIRestrictSun.java
 net.minecraft.entity.ai.EntityAIRestrictSun
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S3EPacketTeams.java
 net.minecraft.network.play.server.S3EPacketTeams
net/minecraft/world/gen/feature/WorldGenDeadBush.java
 net.minecraft.world.gen.feature.WorldGenDeadBush
net/minecraft/block/properties/PropertyDirection.java
 net.minecraft.block.properties.PropertyDirection
net/optifine/override/PlayerControllerOF.java
 net.optifine.override.PlayerControllerOF
net/minecraft/entity/item/EntityExpBottle.java
 net.minecraft.entity.item.EntityExpBottle
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/RenderRabbit.java
 net.minecraft.client.renderer.entity.RenderRabbit
net/minecraft/entity/item/EntityMinecartChest.java
 net.minecraft.entity.item.EntityMinecartChest
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/RenderArrow.java
 net.minecraft.client.renderer.entity.RenderArrow
net/minecraft/block/BlockStoneSlab.java
 net.minecraft.block.BlockStoneSlab
 net.minecraft.block.BlockStoneSlab$EnumType
net/minecraft/realms/RealmsButton.java
 net.minecraft.realms.RealmsButton
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S2DPacketOpenWindow.java
 net.minecraft.network.play.server.S2DPacketOpenWindow
net/optifine/expr/TokenType.java
 net.optifine.expr.TokenType
 net.optifine.expr.TokenType$Const
net/optifine/texture/InternalFormat.java
 net.optifine.texture.InternalFormat
net/minecraft/client/model/ModelMagmaCube.java
 net.minecraft.client.model.ModelMagmaCube
net/minecraft/item/ItemFirework.java
 net.minecraft.item.ItemFirework
net/minecraft/block/BlockStem.java
 net.minecraft.block.BlockStem
 net.minecraft.block.BlockStem$1
net/optifine/config/RangeInt.java
 net.optifine.config.RangeInt
net/optifine/expr/Token.java
 net.optifine.expr.Token
net/minecraft/network/status/INetHandlerStatusServer.java
 net.minecraft.network.status.INetHandlerStatusServer
net/minecraft/item/crafting/RecipeBookCloning.java
 net.minecraft.item.crafting.RecipeBookCloning
net/optifine/model/ListQuadsOverlay.java
 net.optifine.model.ListQuadsOverlay
net/optifine/shaders/config/Property.java
 net.optifine.shaders.config.Property
net/minecraft/village/VillageDoorInfo.java
 net.minecraft.village.VillageDoorInfo
net/minecraft/client/renderer/GLAllocation.java
 net.minecraft.client.renderer.GLAllocation
net/minecraft/entity/EntityLiving.java
 net.minecraft.entity.EntityLiving
 net.minecraft.entity.EntityLiving$SpawnPlacementType
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiScreenDemo.java
 net.minecraft.client.gui.GuiScreenDemo
net/optifine/reflect/ReflectorMethod.java
 net.optifine.reflect.ReflectorMethod
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/layers/LayerHeldBlock.java
 net.minecraft.client.renderer.entity.layers.LayerHeldBlock
net/minecraft/nbt/NBTTagCompound.java
 net.minecraft.nbt.NBTTagCompound
 net.minecraft.nbt.NBTTagCompound$1
 net.minecraft.nbt.NBTTagCompound$2
net/minecraft/world/IWorldNameable.java
 net.minecraft.world.IWorldNameable
net/minecraft/block/BlockLilyPad.java
 net.minecraft.block.BlockLilyPad
net/minecraft/entity/INpc.java
 net.minecraft.entity.INpc
net/minecraft/client/resources/IResource.java
 net.minecraft.client.resources.IResource
net/minecraft/event/HoverEvent.java
 net.minecraft.event.HoverEvent
 net.minecraft.event.HoverEvent$Action
net/optifine/DynamicLight.java
 net.optifine.DynamicLight
net/minecraft/block/BlockLeaves.java
 net.minecraft.block.BlockLeaves
net/minecraft/block/state/BlockWorldState.java
 net.minecraft.block.state.BlockWorldState
 net.minecraft.block.state.BlockWorldState$1
net/minecraft/entity/monster/EntitySpider.java
 net.minecraft.entity.monster.EntitySpider
 net.minecraft.entity.monster.EntitySpider$AISpiderAttack
 net.minecraft.entity.monster.EntitySpider$AISpiderTarget
 net.minecraft.entity.monster.EntitySpider$GroupData
net/optifine/shaders/IteratorAxis.java
 net.optifine.shaders.IteratorAxis
net/minecraft/block/BlockContainer.java
 net.minecraft.block.BlockContainer
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/RenderIronGolem.java
 net.minecraft.client.renderer.entity.RenderIronGolem
net/minecraft/item/ItemLeaves.java
 net.minecraft.item.ItemLeaves
net/optifine/shaders/config/EnumShaderOption.java
 net.optifine.shaders.config.EnumShaderOption
net/minecraft/block/BlockFlower.java
 net.minecraft.block.BlockFlower
 net.minecraft.block.BlockFlower$1
 net.minecraft.block.BlockFlower$EnumFlowerColor
 net.minecraft.block.BlockFlower$EnumFlowerType
 net.minecraft.block.BlockFlower$EnumFlowerType$1
net/minecraft/client/renderer/vertex/VertexFormatElement.java
 net.minecraft.client.renderer.vertex.VertexFormatElement
 net.minecraft.client.renderer.vertex.VertexFormatElement$EnumType
 net.minecraft.client.renderer.vertex.VertexFormatElement$EnumUsage
net/minecraft/client/renderer/Tessellator.java
 net.minecraft.client.renderer.Tessellator
net/minecraft/client/renderer/tileentity/TileEntitySpecialRenderer.java
 net.minecraft.client.renderer.tileentity.TileEntitySpecialRenderer
net/minecraft/command/server/CommandSetBlock.java
 net.minecraft.command.server.CommandSetBlock
net/minecraft/client/model/ModelBox.java
 net.minecraft.client.model.ModelBox
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/RenderBat.java
 net.minecraft.client.renderer.entity.RenderBat
net/minecraft/entity/ai/EntityAITasks.java
 net.minecraft.entity.ai.EntityAITasks
 net.minecraft.entity.ai.EntityAITasks$EntityAITaskEntry
net/minecraft/block/BlockRailPowered.java
 net.minecraft.block.BlockRailPowered
 net.minecraft.block.BlockRailPowered$1
 net.minecraft.block.BlockRailPowered$2
net/minecraft/client/particle/EntityReddustFX.java
 net.minecraft.client.particle.EntityReddustFX
 net.minecraft.client.particle.EntityReddustFX$Factory
net/minecraft/entity/ai/EntityAILookAtVillager.java
 net.minecraft.entity.ai.EntityAILookAtVillager
net/minecraft/block/BlockCake.java
 net.minecraft.block.BlockCake
net/optifine/ConnectedTextures.java
 net.optifine.ConnectedTextures
 net.optifine.ConnectedTextures$1
net/optifine/shaders/Shaders.java
 net.optifine.shaders.Shaders
 net.optifine.shaders.Shaders$1
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S3FPacketCustomPayload.java
 net.minecraft.network.play.server.S3FPacketCustomPayload
net/minecraft/client/renderer/tileentity/TileEntityBannerRenderer.java
 net.minecraft.client.renderer.tileentity.TileEntityBannerRenderer
 net.minecraft.client.renderer.tileentity.TileEntityBannerRenderer$1
 net.minecraft.client.renderer.tileentity.TileEntityBannerRenderer$TimedBannerTexture
net/minecraft/client/renderer/culling/ClippingHelper.java
 net.minecraft.client.renderer.culling.ClippingHelper
net/minecraft/entity/boss/EntityDragonPart.java
 net.minecraft.entity.boss.EntityDragonPart
net/minecraft/client/renderer/tileentity/TileEntityPistonRenderer.java
 net.minecraft.client.renderer.tileentity.TileEntityPistonRenderer
net/optifine/http/IFileDownloadListener.java
 net.optifine.http.IFileDownloadListener
net/minecraft/world/gen/feature/WorldGenFlowers.java
 net.minecraft.world.gen.feature.WorldGenFlowers
net/minecraft/entity/passive/EntityWaterMob.java
 net.minecraft.entity.passive.EntityWaterMob
net/optifine/util/DisplayModeComparator.java
 net.optifine.util.DisplayModeComparator
net/minecraft/util/Vec4b.java
 net.minecraft.util.Vec4b
net/minecraft/block/BlockBarrier.java
 net.minecraft.block.BlockBarrier
net/minecraft/entity/IEntityOwnable.java
 net.minecraft.entity.IEntityOwnable
net/minecraft/tileentity/TileEntityLockable.java
 net.minecraft.tileentity.TileEntityLockable
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiListExtended.java
 net.minecraft.client.gui.GuiListExtended
 net.minecraft.client.gui.GuiListExtended$IGuiListEntry
net/minecraft/client/model/ModelHorse.java
 net.minecraft.client.model.ModelHorse
net/minecraft/tileentity/TileEntityEndPortal.java
 net.minecraft.tileentity.TileEntityEndPortal
net/minecraft/item/ItemSign.java
 net.minecraft.item.ItemSign
net/minecraft/world/WorldManager.java
 net.minecraft.world.WorldManager
net/minecraft/world/DifficultyInstance.java
 net.minecraft.world.DifficultyInstance
net/minecraft/block/BlockOre.java
 net.minecraft.block.BlockOre
net/minecraft/block/BlockSandStone.java
 net.minecraft.block.BlockSandStone
 net.minecraft.block.BlockSandStone$EnumType
net/optifine/DynamicLights.java
 net.optifine.DynamicLights
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiScreenRealmsProxy.java
 net.minecraft.client.gui.GuiScreenRealmsProxy
net/minecraft/command/CommandToggleDownfall.java
 net.minecraft.command.CommandToggleDownfall
net/minecraft/block/BlockCauldron.java
 net.minecraft.block.BlockCauldron
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/RenderCreeper.java
 net.minecraft.client.renderer.entity.RenderCreeper
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiScreenBook.java
 net.minecraft.client.gui.GuiScreenBook
 net.minecraft.client.gui.GuiScreenBook$NextPageButton
net/minecraft/network/handshake/INetHandlerHandshakeServer.java
 net.minecraft.network.handshake.INetHandlerHandshakeServer
net/minecraft/entity/monster/EntitySilverfish.java
 net.minecraft.entity.monster.EntitySilverfish
 net.minecraft.entity.monster.EntitySilverfish$AIHideInStone
 net.minecraft.entity.monster.EntitySilverfish$AISummonSilverfish
net/minecraft/client/renderer/ItemMeshDefinition.java
 net.minecraft.client.renderer.ItemMeshDefinition
net/optifine/gui/GuiDetailSettingsOF.java
 net.optifine.gui.GuiDetailSettingsOF
net/minecraft/client/resources/data/BaseMetadataSectionSerializer.java
 net.minecraft.client.resources.data.BaseMetadataSectionSerializer
net/optifine/shaders/ICustomTexture.java
 net.optifine.shaders.ICustomTexture
net/optifine/shaders/ShadersTex.java
 net.optifine.shaders.ShadersTex
net/minecraft/item/ItemNameTag.java
 net.minecraft.item.ItemNameTag
net/minecraft/util/ChatComponentSelector.java
 net.minecraft.util.ChatComponentSelector
net/minecraft/client/resources/data/LanguageMetadataSectionSerializer.java
 net.minecraft.client.resources.data.LanguageMetadataSectionSerializer
net/optifine/shaders/ShadersRender.java
 net.optifine.shaders.ShadersRender
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/RenderGhast.java
 net.minecraft.client.renderer.entity.RenderGhast
net/optifine/util/CompoundKey.java
 net.optifine.util.CompoundKey
net/optifine/reflect/Reflector.java
 net.optifine.reflect.Reflector
 net.optifine.reflect.Reflector$1
net/minecraft/entity/ai/EntityAIWatchClosest2.java
 net.minecraft.entity.ai.EntityAIWatchClosest2
net/minecraft/potion/PotionHelper.java
 net.minecraft.potion.PotionHelper
net/minecraft/client/particle/Barrier.java
 net.minecraft.client.particle.Barrier
 net.minecraft.client.particle.Barrier$Factory
net/minecraft/inventory/SlotCrafting.java
 net.minecraft.inventory.SlotCrafting
net/minecraft/world/pathfinder/SwimNodeProcessor.java
 net.minecraft.world.pathfinder.SwimNodeProcessor
net/optifine/shaders/BlockAlias.java
 net.optifine.shaders.BlockAlias
net/minecraft/client/renderer/texture/TextureAtlasSprite.java
 net.minecraft.client.renderer.texture.TextureAtlasSprite
 net.minecraft.client.renderer.texture.TextureAtlasSprite$1
net/minecraft/entity/ai/EntityAILeapAtTarget.java
 net.minecraft.entity.ai.EntityAILeapAtTarget
net/minecraft/entity/ai/EntityAIMoveIndoors.java
 net.minecraft.entity.ai.EntityAIMoveIndoors
net/minecraft/network/login/INetHandlerLoginServer.java
 net.minecraft.network.login.INetHandlerLoginServer
net/minecraft/block/state/BlockPistonStructureHelper.java
 net.minecraft.block.state.BlockPistonStructureHelper
net/minecraft/scoreboard/Score.java
 net.minecraft.scoreboard.Score
 net.minecraft.scoreboard.Score$1
net/optifine/gui/GuiChatOF.java
 net.optifine.gui.GuiChatOF
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S29PacketSoundEffect.java
 net.minecraft.network.play.server.S29PacketSoundEffect
net/minecraft/block/BlockFalling.java
 net.minecraft.block.BlockFalling
net/optifine/util/IteratorCache.java
 net.optifine.util.IteratorCache
 net.optifine.util.IteratorCache$IteratorReadOnly
 net.optifine.util.IteratorCache$IteratorReusable
net/optifine/gui/GuiMessage.java
 net.optifine.gui.GuiMessage
net/optifine/render/GlAlphaState.java
 net.optifine.render.GlAlphaState
net/minecraft/nbt/NBTTagString.java
 net.minecraft.nbt.NBTTagString
net/optifine/http/HttpPipelineReceiver.java
 net.optifine.http.HttpPipelineReceiver
net/minecraft/block/BlockEnderChest.java
 net.minecraft.block.BlockEnderChest
net/optifine/player/PlayerConfigurations.java
 net.optifine.player.PlayerConfigurations
net/minecraft/client/gui/ServerListEntryNormal.java
 net.minecraft.client.gui.ServerListEntryNormal
 net.minecraft.client.gui.ServerListEntryNormal$1
net/minecraft/client/renderer/block/model/BakedQuad.java
 net.minecraft.client.renderer.block.model.BakedQuad
net/optifine/config/ConnectedParser.java
 net.optifine.config.ConnectedParser
 net.optifine.config.ConnectedParser$1
 net.optifine.config.ConnectedParser$2
net/minecraft/client/particle/EntityBubbleFX.java
 net.minecraft.client.particle.EntityBubbleFX
 net.minecraft.client.particle.EntityBubbleFX$Factory
net/minecraft/entity/ai/EntityAIDefendVillage.java
 net.minecraft.entity.ai.EntityAIDefendVillage
net/optifine/gui/IOptionControl.java
 net.optifine.gui.IOptionControl
net/minecraft/entity/ai/EntityAIWatchClosest.java
 net.minecraft.entity.ai.EntityAIWatchClosest
net/minecraft/client/model/ModelGuardian.java
 net.minecraft.client.model.ModelGuardian
net/minecraft/util/JsonUtils.java
 net.minecraft.util.JsonUtils
net/minecraft/util/RegistrySimple.java
 net.minecraft.util.RegistrySimple
net/minecraft/server/management/ItemInWorldManager.java
 net.minecraft.server.management.ItemInWorldManager
net/minecraft/client/shader/ShaderGroup.java
 net.minecraft.client.shader.ShaderGroup
net/optifine/expr/Parameters.java
 net.optifine.expr.Parameters
net/minecraft/server/management/UserListWhitelist.java
 net.minecraft.server.management.UserListWhitelist
net/minecraft/item/ItemSnowball.java
 net.minecraft.item.ItemSnowball
net/minecraft/entity/ai/EntityAIMoveToBlock.java
 net.minecraft.entity.ai.EntityAIMoveToBlock
net/minecraft/entity/EntityBodyHelper.java
 net.minecraft.entity.EntityBodyHelper
net/minecraft/entity/passive/EntityBat.java
 net.minecraft.entity.passive.EntityBat
net/minecraft/block/BlockPrismarine.java
 net.minecraft.block.BlockPrismarine
 net.minecraft.block.BlockPrismarine$EnumType
net/minecraft/block/BlockSapling.java
 net.minecraft.block.BlockSapling
 net.minecraft.block.BlockSapling$1
net/minecraft/client/particle/EntityAuraFX.java
 net.minecraft.client.particle.EntityAuraFX
 net.minecraft.client.particle.EntityAuraFX$Factory
 net.minecraft.client.particle.EntityAuraFX$HappyVillagerFactory
net/optifine/entity/model/ModelAdapterBat.java
 net.optifine.entity.model.ModelAdapterBat
net/minecraft/block/BlockFarmland.java
 net.minecraft.block.BlockFarmland
 net.minecraft.block.BlockFarmland$1
net/minecraft/client/shader/ShaderLoader.java
 net.minecraft.client.shader.ShaderLoader
 net.minecraft.client.shader.ShaderLoader$ShaderType
net/minecraft/realms/RealmsEditBox.java
 net.minecraft.realms.RealmsEditBox
net/optifine/LightMapPack.java
 net.optifine.LightMapPack
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/layers/LayerSlimeGel.java
 net.minecraft.client.renderer.entity.layers.LayerSlimeGel
net/minecraft/util/MouseHelper.java
 net.minecraft.util.MouseHelper
net/optifine/util/TextureUtils.java
 net.optifine.util.TextureUtils
 net.optifine.util.TextureUtils$1
 net.optifine.util.TextureUtils$2
net/minecraft/block/BlockJukebox.java
 net.minecraft.block.BlockJukebox
 net.minecraft.block.BlockJukebox$TileEntityJukebox
net/optifine/config/Matches.java
 net.optifine.config.Matches
net/minecraft/client/resources/ResourceIndex.java
 net.minecraft.client.resources.ResourceIndex
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/layers/LayerWolfCollar.java
 net.minecraft.client.renderer.entity.layers.LayerWolfCollar
net/minecraft/client/resources/data/PackMetadataSectionSerializer.java
 net.minecraft.client.resources.data.PackMetadataSectionSerializer
net/minecraft/scoreboard/ScorePlayerTeam.java
 net.minecraft.scoreboard.ScorePlayerTeam
net/minecraft/util/MovementInput.java
 net.minecraft.util.MovementInput
net/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayerMP.java
 net.minecraft.entity.player.EntityPlayerMP
net/minecraft/server/management/UserListEntry.java
 net.minecraft.server.management.UserListEntry
net/minecraft/client/gui/inventory/GuiEditSign.java
 net.minecraft.client.gui.inventory.GuiEditSign
net/minecraft/entity/passive/EntitySquid.java
 net.minecraft.entity.passive.EntitySquid
 net.minecraft.entity.passive.EntitySquid$AIMoveRandom
net/optifine/gui/TooltipProvider.java
 net.optifine.gui.TooltipProvider
net/minecraft/command/CommandSetSpawnpoint.java
 net.minecraft.command.CommandSetSpawnpoint
cn/caiyiming0403/event/Events.java
 cn.caiyiming0403.event.Events
 cn.caiyiming0403.event.Events$KeybordEvent
 cn.caiyiming0403.event.Events$UpdateEvent
net/minecraft/util/ChatStyle.java
 net.minecraft.util.ChatStyle
 net.minecraft.util.ChatStyle$1
 net.minecraft.util.ChatStyle$Serializer
net/minecraft/client/gui/spectator/PlayerMenuObject.java
 net.minecraft.client.gui.spectator.PlayerMenuObject
net/minecraft/client/multiplayer/ServerData.java
 net.minecraft.client.multiplayer.ServerData
 net.minecraft.client.multiplayer.ServerData$ServerResourceMode
net/minecraft/network/NettyEncryptionTranslator.java
 net.minecraft.network.NettyEncryptionTranslator
net/minecraft/world/chunk/EmptyChunk.java
 net.minecraft.world.chunk.EmptyChunk
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/RenderEntityItem.java
 net.minecraft.client.renderer.entity.RenderEntityItem
net/minecraft/entity/ai/EntityAIOpenDoor.java
 net.minecraft.entity.ai.EntityAIOpenDoor
net/minecraft/network/play/client/C18PacketSpectate.java
 net.minecraft.network.play.client.C18PacketSpectate
net/minecraft/client/audio/MovingSoundMinecart.java
 net.minecraft.client.audio.MovingSoundMinecart
net/minecraft/item/ItemFishFood.java
 net.minecraft.item.ItemFishFood
 net.minecraft.item.ItemFishFood$FishType
net/minecraft/command/CommandDifficulty.java
 net.minecraft.command.CommandDifficulty
net/minecraft/world/gen/feature/WorldGenHugeTrees.java
 net.minecraft.world.gen.feature.WorldGenHugeTrees
net/optifine/entity/model/ModelAdapterChest.java
 net.optifine.entity.model.ModelAdapterChest
net/minecraft/world/gen/feature/WorldGenSavannaTree.java
 net.minecraft.world.gen.feature.WorldGenSavannaTree
net/minecraft/client/entity/EntityOtherPlayerMP.java
 net.minecraft.client.entity.EntityOtherPlayerMP
net/minecraft/item/ItemArmorStand.java
 net.minecraft.item.ItemArmorStand
net/optifine/entity/model/CustomEntityModels.java
 net.optifine.entity.model.CustomEntityModels
net/minecraft/block/state/BlockStateBase.java
 net.minecraft.block.state.BlockStateBase
 net.minecraft.block.state.BlockStateBase$1
net/minecraft/stats/StatFileWriter.java
 net.minecraft.stats.StatFileWriter
net/minecraft/dispenser/IPosition.java
 net.minecraft.dispenser.IPosition
net/minecraft/client/renderer/block/model/ItemTransformVec3f.java
 net.minecraft.client.renderer.block.model.ItemTransformVec3f
 net.minecraft.client.renderer.block.model.ItemTransformVec3f$Deserializer
net/optifine/expr/FunctionType.java
 net.optifine.expr.FunctionType
 net.optifine.expr.FunctionType$1
net/minecraft/block/BlockHardenedClay.java
 net.minecraft.block.BlockHardenedClay
net/minecraft/block/BlockWall.java
 net.minecraft.block.BlockWall
 net.minecraft.block.BlockWall$EnumType
net/minecraft/block/BlockPressurePlateWeighted.java
 net.minecraft.block.BlockPressurePlateWeighted
net/minecraft/client/audio/SoundManager.java
 net.minecraft.client.audio.SoundManager
 net.minecraft.client.audio.SoundManager$1
 net.minecraft.client.audio.SoundManager$1$1
 net.minecraft.client.audio.SoundManager$2
 net.minecraft.client.audio.SoundManager$2$1
 net.minecraft.client.audio.SoundManager$SoundSystemStarterThread
net/minecraft/world/ColorizerGrass.java
 net.minecraft.world.ColorizerGrass
net/optifine/TextureAnimation.java
 net.optifine.TextureAnimation
net/optifine/expr/ExpressionFloatArrayCached.java
 net.optifine.expr.ExpressionFloatArrayCached
net/minecraft/client/model/ModelSpider.java
 net.minecraft.client.model.ModelSpider
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureComponent.java
 net.minecraft.world.gen.structure.StructureComponent
 net.minecraft.world.gen.structure.StructureComponent$1
 net.minecraft.world.gen.structure.StructureComponent$BlockSelector
net/minecraft/command/CommandFill.java
 net.minecraft.command.CommandFill
net/minecraft/client/multiplayer/ServerAddress.java
 net.minecraft.client.multiplayer.ServerAddress
net/optifine/http/HttpPipelineConnection.java
 net.optifine.http.HttpPipelineConnection
net/optifine/ClearWater.java
 net.optifine.ClearWater
net/minecraft/world/biome/BiomeEndDecorator.java
 net.minecraft.world.biome.BiomeEndDecorator
net/optifine/shaders/config/ShaderProfile.java
 net.optifine.shaders.config.ShaderProfile
net/minecraft/entity/item/EntityXPOrb.java
 net.minecraft.entity.item.EntityXPOrb
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S14PacketEntity.java
 net.minecraft.network.play.server.S14PacketEntity
 net.minecraft.network.play.server.S14PacketEntity$S15PacketEntityRelMove
 net.minecraft.network.play.server.S14PacketEntity$S16PacketEntityLook
 net.minecraft.network.play.server.S14PacketEntity$S17PacketEntityLookMove
net/minecraft/client/model/TexturedQuad.java
 net.minecraft.client.model.TexturedQuad
net/minecraft/command/ICommand.java
 net.minecraft.command.ICommand
net/optifine/expr/IExpressionResolver.java
 net.optifine.expr.IExpressionResolver
net/minecraft/tileentity/TileEntityCommandBlock.java
 net.minecraft.tileentity.TileEntityCommandBlock
 net.minecraft.tileentity.TileEntityCommandBlock$1
net/minecraft/command/server/CommandPardonPlayer.java
 net.minecraft.command.server.CommandPardonPlayer
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S0EPacketSpawnObject.java
 net.minecraft.network.play.server.S0EPacketSpawnObject
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/RenderCow.java
 net.minecraft.client.renderer.entity.RenderCow
net/optifine/RandomEntities.java
 net.optifine.RandomEntities
net/minecraft/network/play/client/C0CPacketInput.java
 net.minecraft.network.play.client.C0CPacketInput
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S47PacketPlayerListHeaderFooter.java
 net.minecraft.network.play.server.S47PacketPlayerListHeaderFooter
net/minecraft/util/MathHelper.java
 net.minecraft.util.MathHelper
net/optifine/util/LinkedListTest.java
 net.optifine.util.LinkedListTest
net/minecraft/client/gui/inventory/GuiFurnace.java
 net.minecraft.client.gui.inventory.GuiFurnace
net/minecraft/inventory/Container.java
 net.minecraft.inventory.Container
net/optifine/entity/model/ModelAdapterBiped.java
 net.optifine.entity.model.ModelAdapterBiped
net/minecraft/client/resources/I18n.java
 net.minecraft.client.resources.I18n
net/minecraft/entity/EntityList.java
 net.minecraft.entity.EntityList
 net.minecraft.entity.EntityList$EntityEggInfo
net/minecraft/entity/ai/EntityAIFindEntityNearestPlayer.java
 net.minecraft.entity.ai.EntityAIFindEntityNearestPlayer
 net.minecraft.entity.ai.EntityAIFindEntityNearestPlayer$1
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/RenderPlayer.java
 net.minecraft.client.renderer.entity.RenderPlayer
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/layers/LayerCustomHead.java
 net.minecraft.client.renderer.entity.layers.LayerCustomHead
net/minecraft/util/ChatComponentTranslation.java
 net.minecraft.util.ChatComponentTranslation
net/minecraft/block/BlockHay.java
 net.minecraft.block.BlockHay
net/minecraft/realms/RealmsDefaultVertexFormat.java
 net.minecraft.realms.RealmsDefaultVertexFormat
net/optifine/gui/GuiScreenOF.java
 net.optifine.gui.GuiScreenOF
net/minecraft/block/BlockWallSign.java
 net.minecraft.block.BlockWallSign
 net.minecraft.block.BlockWallSign$1
net/optifine/entity/model/ModelAdapterChicken.java
 net.optifine.entity.model.ModelAdapterChicken
net/minecraft/network/play/client/C13PacketPlayerAbilities.java
 net.minecraft.network.play.client.C13PacketPlayerAbilities
net/minecraft/world/chunk/NibbleArray.java
 net.minecraft.world.chunk.NibbleArray
net/optifine/entity/model/ModelAdapterWitch.java
 net.optifine.entity.model.ModelAdapterWitch
net/optifine/reflect/ReflectorConstructor.java
 net.optifine.reflect.ReflectorConstructor
net/minecraft/command/CommandServerKick.java
 net.minecraft.command.CommandServerKick
net/minecraft/world/gen/feature/WorldGenSpikes.java
 net.minecraft.world.gen.feature.WorldGenSpikes
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiGameOver.java
 net.minecraft.client.gui.GuiGameOver
net/minecraft/pathfinding/PathNavigateClimber.java
 net.minecraft.pathfinding.PathNavigateClimber
net/minecraft/nbt/NBTTagEnd.java
 net.minecraft.nbt.NBTTagEnd
net/minecraft/world/gen/layer/GenLayerBiome.java
 net.minecraft.world.gen.layer.GenLayerBiome
net/minecraft/entity/player/InventoryPlayer.java
 net.minecraft.entity.player.InventoryPlayer
 net.minecraft.entity.player.InventoryPlayer$1
net/minecraft/entity/monster/EntityPigZombie.java
 net.minecraft.entity.monster.EntityPigZombie
 net.minecraft.entity.monster.EntityPigZombie$AIHurtByAggressor
 net.minecraft.entity.monster.EntityPigZombie$AITargetAggressor
net/optifine/render/Blender.java
 net.optifine.render.Blender
net/minecraft/realms/RealmsBridge.java
 net.minecraft.realms.RealmsBridge
net/optifine/render/ChunkVisibility.java
 net.optifine.render.ChunkVisibility
net/minecraft/client/gui/inventory/GuiContainer.java
 net.minecraft.client.gui.inventory.GuiContainer
net/minecraft/client/resources/FileResourcePack.java
 net.minecraft.client.resources.FileResourcePack
net/optifine/CustomLoadingScreens.java
 net.optifine.CustomLoadingScreens
net/minecraft/network/ThreadQuickExitException.java
 net.minecraft.network.ThreadQuickExitException
net/minecraft/util/Matrix4f.java
 net.minecraft.util.Matrix4f
net/optifine/shaders/uniform/ShaderParameterIndexed.java
 net.optifine.shaders.uniform.ShaderParameterIndexed
net/minecraft/enchantment/EnchantmentKnockback.java
 net.minecraft.enchantment.EnchantmentKnockback
net/minecraft/client/model/ModelCow.java
 net.minecraft.client.model.ModelCow
net/minecraft/world/gen/MapGenRavine.java
 net.minecraft.world.gen.MapGenRavine
net/optifine/shaders/ShaderPackZip.java
 net.optifine.shaders.ShaderPackZip
net/minecraft/client/entity/EntityPlayerSP.java
 net.minecraft.client.entity.EntityPlayerSP
net/minecraft/world/storage/SaveHandlerMP.java
 net.minecraft.world.storage.SaveHandlerMP
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/layers/LayerArmorBase.java
 net.minecraft.client.renderer.entity.layers.LayerArmorBase
 net.minecraft.client.renderer.entity.layers.LayerArmorBase$1
net/optifine/entity/model/CustomEntityModel.java
 net.optifine.entity.model.CustomEntityModel
net/optifine/entity/model/ModelAdapterIronGolem.java
 net.optifine.entity.model.ModelAdapterIronGolem
net/minecraft/server/management/UserListOpsEntry.java
 net.minecraft.server.management.UserListOpsEntry
net/minecraft/item/EnumAction.java
 net.minecraft.item.EnumAction
net/minecraft/client/model/ModelCreeper.java
 net.minecraft.client.model.ModelCreeper
net/minecraft/client/gui/spectator/ISpectatorMenuRecipient.java
 net.minecraft.client.gui.spectator.ISpectatorMenuRecipient
net/minecraft/client/resources/Locale.java
 net.minecraft.client.resources.Locale
net/minecraft/client/particle/EntitySplashFX.java
 net.minecraft.client.particle.EntitySplashFX
 net.minecraft.client.particle.EntitySplashFX$Factory
net/minecraft/item/ItemBed.java
 net.minecraft.item.ItemBed
net/minecraft/util/AxisAlignedBB.java
 net.minecraft.util.AxisAlignedBB
net/optifine/shaders/ShaderPackNone.java
 net.optifine.shaders.ShaderPackNone
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/RenderVillager.java
 net.minecraft.client.renderer.entity.RenderVillager
net/optifine/SmartAnimations.java
 net.optifine.SmartAnimations
net/minecraft/entity/ai/EntityAISwimming.java
 net.minecraft.entity.ai.EntityAISwimming
net/minecraft/util/WeightedRandomChestContent.java
 net.minecraft.util.WeightedRandomChestContent
net/minecraft/block/state/pattern/BlockStateHelper.java
 net.minecraft.block.state.pattern.BlockStateHelper
net/minecraft/inventory/ContainerPlayer.java
 net.minecraft.inventory.ContainerPlayer
 net.minecraft.inventory.ContainerPlayer$1
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiResourcePackSelected.java
 net.minecraft.client.gui.GuiResourcePackSelected
net/optifine/entity/model/ModelAdapterLeadKnot.java
 net.optifine.entity.model.ModelAdapterLeadKnot
net/minecraft/util/MessageSerializer.java
 net.minecraft.util.MessageSerializer
net/minecraft/entity/EnumCreatureAttribute.java
 net.minecraft.entity.EnumCreatureAttribute
net/minecraft/client/gui/inventory/GuiContainerCreative.java
 net.minecraft.client.gui.inventory.GuiContainerCreative
 net.minecraft.client.gui.inventory.GuiContainerCreative$ContainerCreative
 net.minecraft.client.gui.inventory.GuiContainerCreative$CreativeSlot
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S2EPacketCloseWindow.java
 net.minecraft.network.play.server.S2EPacketCloseWindow
net/minecraft/client/gui/Gui.java
 net.minecraft.client.gui.Gui
net/optifine/shaders/EntityAliases.java
 net.optifine.shaders.EntityAliases
net/optifine/shaders/gui/GuiButtonEnumShaderOption.java
 net.optifine.shaders.gui.GuiButtonEnumShaderOption
 net.optifine.shaders.gui.GuiButtonEnumShaderOption$1
net/optifine/shaders/SMath.java
 net.optifine.shaders.SMath
net/minecraft/client/renderer/OpenGlHelper.java
 net.minecraft.client.renderer.OpenGlHelper
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/RenderLiving.java
 net.minecraft.client.renderer.entity.RenderLiving
net/minecraft/server/management/PlayerManager.java
 net.minecraft.server.management.PlayerManager
 net.minecraft.server.management.PlayerManager$PlayerInstance
net/minecraft/network/play/client/C11PacketEnchantItem.java
 net.minecraft.network.play.client.C11PacketEnchantItem
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiCreateFlatWorld.java
 net.minecraft.client.gui.GuiCreateFlatWorld
 net.minecraft.client.gui.GuiCreateFlatWorld$Details
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiMainMenu.java
 net.minecraft.client.gui.GuiMainMenu
net/optifine/IRandomEntity.java
 net.optifine.IRandomEntity
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureOceanMonument.java
 net.minecraft.world.gen.structure.StructureOceanMonument
 net.minecraft.world.gen.structure.StructureOceanMonument$StartMonument
net/minecraft/block/BlockAir.java
 net.minecraft.block.BlockAir
net/optifine/shaders/ShaderProgramData.java
 net.optifine.shaders.ShaderProgramData
net/minecraft/block/BlockLog.java
 net.minecraft.block.BlockLog
 net.minecraft.block.BlockLog$1
 net.minecraft.block.BlockLog$EnumAxis
net/minecraft/block/BlockPortal.java
 net.minecraft.block.BlockPortal
 net.minecraft.block.BlockPortal$Size
net/minecraft/util/CombatTracker.java
 net.minecraft.util.CombatTracker
net/minecraft/util/MouseFilter.java
 net.minecraft.util.MouseFilter
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiIngame.java
 net.minecraft.client.gui.GuiIngame
 net.minecraft.client.gui.GuiIngame$1
net/minecraft/command/PlayerNotFoundException.java
 net.minecraft.command.PlayerNotFoundException
net/minecraft/enchantment/EnchantmentWaterWalker.java
 net.minecraft.enchantment.EnchantmentWaterWalker
net/minecraft/command/CommandHandler.java
 net.minecraft.command.CommandHandler
net/minecraft/client/particle/EntityCrit2FX.java
 net.minecraft.client.particle.EntityCrit2FX
 net.minecraft.client.particle.EntityCrit2FX$Factory
 net.minecraft.client.particle.EntityCrit2FX$MagicFactory
net/minecraft/world/storage/IPlayerFileData.java
 net.minecraft.world.storage.IPlayerFileData
net/minecraft/stats/Achievement.java
 net.minecraft.stats.Achievement
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiMemoryErrorScreen.java
 net.minecraft.client.gui.GuiMemoryErrorScreen
net/minecraft/client/renderer/chunk/ChunkRenderWorker.java
 net.minecraft.client.renderer.chunk.ChunkRenderWorker
 net.minecraft.client.renderer.chunk.ChunkRenderWorker$1
 net.minecraft.client.renderer.chunk.ChunkRenderWorker$2
net/minecraft/util/CombatEntry.java
 net.minecraft.util.CombatEntry
net/minecraft/client/particle/EntitySmokeFX.java
 net.minecraft.client.particle.EntitySmokeFX
 net.minecraft.client.particle.EntitySmokeFX$1
 net.minecraft.client.particle.EntitySmokeFX$Factory
net/minecraft/entity/projectile/EntityArrow.java
 net.minecraft.entity.projectile.EntityArrow
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/layers/LayerMooshroomMushroom.java
 net.minecraft.client.renderer.entity.layers.LayerMooshroomMushroom
net/minecraft/creativetab/CreativeTabs.java
 net.minecraft.creativetab.CreativeTabs
 net.minecraft.creativetab.CreativeTabs$1
 net.minecraft.creativetab.CreativeTabs$10
 net.minecraft.creativetab.CreativeTabs$11
 net.minecraft.creativetab.CreativeTabs$12
 net.minecraft.creativetab.CreativeTabs$2
 net.minecraft.creativetab.CreativeTabs$3
 net.minecraft.creativetab.CreativeTabs$4
 net.minecraft.creativetab.CreativeTabs$5
 net.minecraft.creativetab.CreativeTabs$6
 net.minecraft.creativetab.CreativeTabs$7
 net.minecraft.creativetab.CreativeTabs$8
 net.minecraft.creativetab.CreativeTabs$9
net/minecraft/entity/ai/attributes/BaseAttribute.java
 net.minecraft.entity.ai.attributes.BaseAttribute
net/minecraft/item/crafting/ShapedRecipes.java
 net.minecraft.item.crafting.ShapedRecipes
net/minecraft/world/NextTickListEntry.java
 net.minecraft.world.NextTickListEntry
net/optifine/entity/model/ModelAdapterHeadSkeleton.java
 net.optifine.entity.model.ModelAdapterHeadSkeleton
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/layers/LayerSpiderEyes.java
 net.minecraft.client.renderer.entity.layers.LayerSpiderEyes
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/layers/LayerRenderer.java
 net.minecraft.client.renderer.entity.layers.LayerRenderer
net/minecraft/server/management/PlayerProfileCache.java
 net.minecraft.server.management.PlayerProfileCache
 net.minecraft.server.management.PlayerProfileCache$1
 net.minecraft.server.management.PlayerProfileCache$2
 net.minecraft.server.management.PlayerProfileCache$ProfileEntry
 net.minecraft.server.management.PlayerProfileCache$Serializer
net/optifine/config/ItemLocator.java
 net.optifine.config.ItemLocator
net/minecraft/world/demo/DemoWorldManager.java
 net.minecraft.world.demo.DemoWorldManager
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/layers/LayerSaddle.java
 net.minecraft.client.renderer.entity.layers.LayerSaddle
net/minecraft/block/BlockSlab.java
 net.minecraft.block.BlockSlab
 net.minecraft.block.BlockSlab$EnumBlockHalf
net/minecraft/world/border/WorldBorder.java
 net.minecraft.world.border.WorldBorder
net/minecraft/block/BlockCarrot.java
 net.minecraft.block.BlockCarrot
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/RenderDragon.java
 net.minecraft.client.renderer.entity.RenderDragon
net/optifine/expr/ExpressionType.java
 net.optifine.expr.ExpressionType
net/optifine/player/PlayerItemParser.java
 net.optifine.player.PlayerItemParser
net/minecraft/block/BlockMycelium.java
 net.minecraft.block.BlockMycelium
net/minecraft/entity/passive/IAnimals.java
 net.minecraft.entity.passive.IAnimals
net/optifine/player/PlayerItemsLayer.java
 net.optifine.player.PlayerItemsLayer
net/optifine/util/TimedEvent.java
 net.optifine.util.TimedEvent
net/minecraft/enchantment/EnchantmentArrowDamage.java
 net.minecraft.enchantment.EnchantmentArrowDamage
net/minecraft/world/storage/WorldInfo.java
 net.minecraft.world.storage.WorldInfo
 net.minecraft.world.storage.WorldInfo$1
 net.minecraft.world.storage.WorldInfo$2
 net.minecraft.world.storage.WorldInfo$3
 net.minecraft.world.storage.WorldInfo$4
 net.minecraft.world.storage.WorldInfo$5
 net.minecraft.world.storage.WorldInfo$6
 net.minecraft.world.storage.WorldInfo$7
 net.minecraft.world.storage.WorldInfo$8
 net.minecraft.world.storage.WorldInfo$9
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S0BPacketAnimation.java
 net.minecraft.network.play.server.S0BPacketAnimation
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S27PacketExplosion.java
 net.minecraft.network.play.server.S27PacketExplosion
net/minecraft/entity/ai/EntityAIControlledByPlayer.java
 net.minecraft.entity.ai.EntityAIControlledByPlayer
net/optifine/render/CloudRenderer.java
 net.optifine.render.CloudRenderer
net/minecraft/util/StringTranslate.java
 net.minecraft.util.StringTranslate
net/minecraft/init/Items.java
 net.minecraft.init.Items
net/minecraft/item/ItemSnow.java
 net.minecraft.item.ItemSnow
net/minecraft/client/gui/stream/GuiStreamUnavailable.java
 net.minecraft.client.gui.stream.GuiStreamUnavailable
 net.minecraft.client.gui.stream.GuiStreamUnavailable$1
 net.minecraft.client.gui.stream.GuiStreamUnavailable$Reason
net/minecraft/block/BlockStandingSign.java
 net.minecraft.block.BlockStandingSign
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiButton.java
 net.minecraft.client.gui.GuiButton
net/minecraft/item/ItemMap.java
 net.minecraft.item.ItemMap
net/minecraftforge/client/model/pipeline/IVertexConsumer.java
 net.minecraftforge.client.model.pipeline.IVertexConsumer
net/minecraft/client/gui/spectator/ISpectatorMenuObject.java
 net.minecraft.client.gui.spectator.ISpectatorMenuObject
net/optifine/shaders/config/MacroProcessor.java
 net.optifine.shaders.config.MacroProcessor
net/optifine/entity/model/anim/IRenderResolver.java
 net.optifine.entity.model.anim.IRenderResolver
net/minecraft/entity/EntityMinecartCommandBlock.java
 net.minecraft.entity.EntityMinecartCommandBlock
 net.minecraft.entity.EntityMinecartCommandBlock$1
net/minecraft/nbt/NBTSizeTracker.java
 net.minecraft.nbt.NBTSizeTracker
 net.minecraft.nbt.NBTSizeTracker$1
net/minecraft/scoreboard/ScoreboardSaveData.java
 net.minecraft.scoreboard.ScoreboardSaveData
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiLanguage.java
 net.minecraft.client.gui.GuiLanguage
 net.minecraft.client.gui.GuiLanguage$List
net/optifine/entity/model/ModelAdapterSlime.java
 net.optifine.entity.model.ModelAdapterSlime
net/minecraft/entity/boss/EntityDragon.java
 net.minecraft.entity.boss.EntityDragon
net/minecraft/command/CommandClone.java
 net.minecraft.command.CommandClone
 net.minecraft.command.CommandClone$StaticCloneData
net/minecraft/item/ItemStack.java
 net.minecraft.item.ItemStack
net/optifine/entity/model/ModelAdapterChestLarge.java
 net.optifine.entity.model.ModelAdapterChestLarge
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S0DPacketCollectItem.java
 net.minecraft.network.play.server.S0DPacketCollectItem
net/minecraft/world/chunk/storage/AnvilChunkLoader.java
 net.minecraft.world.chunk.storage.AnvilChunkLoader
net/minecraft/util/RegistryDefaulted.java
 net.minecraft.util.RegistryDefaulted
net/optifine/util/IntegratedServerUtils.java
 net.optifine.util.IntegratedServerUtils
net/minecraft/client/resources/data/AnimationMetadataSectionSerializer.java
 net.minecraft.client.resources.data.AnimationMetadataSectionSerializer
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S42PacketCombatEvent.java
 net.minecraft.network.play.server.S42PacketCombatEvent
 net.minecraft.network.play.server.S42PacketCombatEvent$1
 net.minecraft.network.play.server.S42PacketCombatEvent$Event
net/minecraft/client/multiplayer/ThreadLanServerPing.java
 net.minecraft.client.multiplayer.ThreadLanServerPing
net/minecraft/block/BlockSponge.java
 net.minecraft.block.BlockSponge
net/minecraft/client/renderer/block/statemap/IStateMapper.java
 net.minecraft.client.renderer.block.statemap.IStateMapper
net/minecraft/command/server/CommandListPlayers.java
 net.minecraft.command.server.CommandListPlayers
net/minecraft/command/server/CommandSummon.java
 net.minecraft.command.server.CommandSummon
net/minecraft/client/renderer/BlockRendererDispatcher.java
 net.minecraft.client.renderer.BlockRendererDispatcher
net/minecraft/entity/ai/EntityAILookIdle.java
 net.minecraft.entity.ai.EntityAILookIdle
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/layers/LayerEnderDragonEyes.java
 net.minecraft.client.renderer.entity.layers.LayerEnderDragonEyes
net/optifine/shaders/config/ShaderMacros.java
 net.optifine.shaders.config.ShaderMacros
 net.optifine.shaders.config.ShaderMacros$1
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiScreenWorking.java
 net.minecraft.client.gui.GuiScreenWorking
net/minecraft/command/server/CommandMessageRaw.java
 net.minecraft.command.server.CommandMessageRaw
net/minecraft/world/EnumSkyBlock.java
 net.minecraft.world.EnumSkyBlock
net/minecraft/world/chunk/storage/RegionFile.java
 net.minecraft.world.chunk.storage.RegionFile
 net.minecraft.world.chunk.storage.RegionFile$ChunkBuffer
net/minecraft/client/resources/SimpleReloadableResourceManager.java
 net.minecraft.client.resources.SimpleReloadableResourceManager
 net.minecraft.client.resources.SimpleReloadableResourceManager$1
net/minecraft/stats/StatList.java
 net.minecraft.stats.StatList
net/minecraft/client/model/ModelSnowMan.java
 net.minecraft.client.model.ModelSnowMan
net/minecraft/util/Session.java
 net.minecraft.util.Session
 net.minecraft.util.Session$Type
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/RenderMooshroom.java
 net.minecraft.client.renderer.entity.RenderMooshroom
net/optifine/shaders/config/ExpressionShaderOptionSwitch.java
 net.optifine.shaders.config.ExpressionShaderOptionSwitch
net/minecraft/util/Tuple.java
 net.minecraft.util.Tuple
net/optifine/config/NbtTagValue.java
 net.optifine.config.NbtTagValue
net/optifine/util/MemoryMonitor.java
 net.optifine.util.MemoryMonitor
net/minecraft/item/crafting/ShapelessRecipes.java
 net.minecraft.item.crafting.ShapelessRecipes
net/minecraft/block/BlockDaylightDetector.java
 net.minecraft.block.BlockDaylightDetector
net/minecraft/world/ColorizerFoliage.java
 net.minecraft.world.ColorizerFoliage
net/minecraft/block/BlockDirectional.java
 net.minecraft.block.BlockDirectional
net/optifine/shaders/uniform/ShaderParameterFloat.java
 net.optifine.shaders.uniform.ShaderParameterFloat
 net.optifine.shaders.uniform.ShaderParameterFloat$1
net/optifine/CustomBlockLayers.java
 net.optifine.CustomBlockLayers
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/layers/LayerWitherAura.java
 net.minecraft.client.renderer.entity.layers.LayerWitherAura
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/RenderTNTPrimed.java
 net.minecraft.client.renderer.entity.RenderTNTPrimed
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiCustomizeSkin.java
 net.minecraft.client.gui.GuiCustomizeSkin
 net.minecraft.client.gui.GuiCustomizeSkin$1
 net.minecraft.client.gui.GuiCustomizeSkin$ButtonPart
net/minecraft/network/play/client/C09PacketHeldItemChange.java
 net.minecraft.network.play.client.C09PacketHeldItemChange
net/minecraft/block/BlockStainedGlass.java
 net.minecraft.block.BlockStainedGlass
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S26PacketMapChunkBulk.java
 net.minecraft.network.play.server.S26PacketMapChunkBulk
net/minecraft/network/NettyEncryptingEncoder.java
 net.minecraft.network.NettyEncryptingEncoder
net/minecraft/util/MapPopulator.java
 net.minecraft.util.MapPopulator
net/minecraft/world/IBlockAccess.java
 net.minecraft.world.IBlockAccess
net/minecraft/client/model/ModelWolf.java
 net.minecraft.client.model.ModelWolf
net/minecraft/item/ItemDye.java
 net.minecraft.item.ItemDye
net/minecraft/block/BlockEventData.java
 net.minecraft.block.BlockEventData
net/minecraft/item/ItemDoor.java
 net.minecraft.item.ItemDoor
net/minecraft/client/AnvilConverterException.java
 net.minecraft.client.AnvilConverterException
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S38PacketPlayerListItem.java
 net.minecraft.network.play.server.S38PacketPlayerListItem
 net.minecraft.network.play.server.S38PacketPlayerListItem$1
 net.minecraft.network.play.server.S38PacketPlayerListItem$Action
 net.minecraft.network.play.server.S38PacketPlayerListItem$AddPlayerData
net/minecraft/util/EnumTypeAdapterFactory.java
 net.minecraft.util.EnumTypeAdapterFactory
 net.minecraft.util.EnumTypeAdapterFactory$1
net/minecraft/item/ItemFireworkCharge.java
 net.minecraft.item.ItemFireworkCharge
net/minecraft/tileentity/TileEntityChest.java
 net.minecraft.tileentity.TileEntityChest
 net.minecraft.tileentity.TileEntityChest$1
net/minecraft/entity/projectile/EntityThrowable.java
 net.minecraft.entity.projectile.EntityThrowable
net/minecraft/tileentity/TileEntityDispenser.java
 net.minecraft.tileentity.TileEntityDispenser
net/minecraft/world/chunk/storage/NibbleArrayReader.java
 net.minecraft.world.chunk.storage.NibbleArrayReader
net/minecraft/block/state/pattern/BlockPattern.java
 net.minecraft.block.state.pattern.BlockPattern
 net.minecraft.block.state.pattern.BlockPattern$CacheLoader
 net.minecraft.block.state.pattern.BlockPattern$PatternHelper
net/minecraft/client/renderer/culling/Frustum.java
 net.minecraft.client.renderer.culling.Frustum
net/minecraft/block/BlockTallGrass.java
 net.minecraft.block.BlockTallGrass
 net.minecraft.block.BlockTallGrass$EnumType
net/minecraft/client/gui/stream/GuiStreamOptions.java
 net.minecraft.client.gui.stream.GuiStreamOptions
net/optifine/shaders/ShaderPackDefault.java
 net.optifine.shaders.ShaderPackDefault
net/minecraft/scoreboard/ServerScoreboard.java
 net.minecraft.scoreboard.ServerScoreboard
net/minecraft/item/ItemMonsterPlacer.java
 net.minecraft.item.ItemMonsterPlacer
net/minecraft/client/resources/IReloadableResourceManager.java
 net.minecraft.client.resources.IReloadableResourceManager
net/optifine/CustomSkyLayer.java
 net.optifine.CustomSkyLayer
net/minecraft/client/particle/EntityCloudFX.java
 net.minecraft.client.particle.EntityCloudFX
 net.minecraft.client.particle.EntityCloudFX$Factory
net/minecraft/inventory/ContainerChest.java
 net.minecraft.inventory.ContainerChest
net/optifine/entity/model/ModelAdapterRabbit.java
 net.optifine.entity.model.ModelAdapterRabbit
net/minecraft/util/IChatComponent.java
 net.minecraft.util.IChatComponent
 net.minecraft.util.IChatComponent$Serializer
net/minecraft/entity/passive/EntityCow.java
 net.minecraft.entity.passive.EntityCow
net/optifine/shaders/IShaderPack.java
 net.optifine.shaders.IShaderPack
net/minecraft/command/ICommandManager.java
 net.minecraft.command.ICommandManager
net/minecraft/village/VillageCollection.java
 net.minecraft.village.VillageCollection
net/optifine/shaders/config/ShaderMacro.java
 net.optifine.shaders.config.ShaderMacro
net/optifine/player/PlayerItemModel.java
 net.optifine.player.PlayerItemModel
net/minecraft/client/gui/inventory/GuiBrewingStand.java
 net.minecraft.client.gui.inventory.GuiBrewingStand
net/optifine/http/HttpPipelineSender.java
 net.optifine.http.HttpPipelineSender
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/RenderSquid.java
 net.minecraft.client.renderer.entity.RenderSquid
net/minecraft/client/renderer/ChestRenderer.java
 net.minecraft.client.renderer.ChestRenderer
net/minecraft/client/model/ModelSheep2.java
 net.minecraft.client.model.ModelSheep2
net/minecraft/client/gui/inventory/GuiScreenHorseInventory.java
 net.minecraft.client.gui.inventory.GuiScreenHorseInventory
net/minecraft/item/ItemBoat.java
 net.minecraft.item.ItemBoat
net/optifine/shaders/ShaderPackFolder.java
 net.optifine.shaders.ShaderPackFolder
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S45PacketTitle.java
 net.minecraft.network.play.server.S45PacketTitle
 net.minecraft.network.play.server.S45PacketTitle$Type
net/minecraft/client/model/ModelRenderer.java
 net.minecraft.client.model.ModelRenderer
net/minecraft/client/network/NetHandlerLoginClient.java
 net.minecraft.client.network.NetHandlerLoginClient
 net.minecraft.client.network.NetHandlerLoginClient$1
net/minecraft/entity/monster/EntityGhast.java
 net.minecraft.entity.monster.EntityGhast
 net.minecraft.entity.monster.EntityGhast$AIFireballAttack
 net.minecraft.entity.monster.EntityGhast$AILookAround
 net.minecraft.entity.monster.EntityGhast$AIRandomFly
 net.minecraft.entity.monster.EntityGhast$GhastMoveHelper
net/minecraft/inventory/IInvBasic.java
 net.minecraft.inventory.IInvBasic
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/RenderMagmaCube.java
 net.minecraft.client.renderer.entity.RenderMagmaCube
net/minecraft/item/Item.java
 net.minecraft.item.Item
 net.minecraft.item.Item$1
 net.minecraft.item.Item$10
 net.minecraft.item.Item$11
 net.minecraft.item.Item$12
 net.minecraft.item.Item$13
 net.minecraft.item.Item$14
 net.minecraft.item.Item$15
 net.minecraft.item.Item$16
 net.minecraft.item.Item$17
 net.minecraft.item.Item$2
 net.minecraft.item.Item$3
 net.minecraft.item.Item$4
 net.minecraft.item.Item$5
 net.minecraft.item.Item$6
 net.minecraft.item.Item$7
 net.minecraft.item.Item$8
 net.minecraft.item.Item$9
 net.minecraft.item.Item$ToolMaterial
net/minecraft/client/resources/ResourcePackFileNotFoundException.java
 net.minecraft.client.resources.ResourcePackFileNotFoundException
net/minecraft/item/crafting/RecipesDyes.java
 net.minecraft.item.crafting.RecipesDyes
net/minecraft/client/gui/inventory/GuiChest.java
 net.minecraft.client.gui.inventory.GuiChest
net/minecraft/world/biome/BiomeGenForest.java
 net.minecraft.world.biome.BiomeGenForest
 net.minecraft.world.biome.BiomeGenForest$1
 net.minecraft.world.biome.BiomeGenForest$2
net/minecraft/command/CommandDefaultGameMode.java
 net.minecraft.command.CommandDefaultGameMode
net/minecraft/world/gen/layer/GenLayerAddIsland.java
 net.minecraft.world.gen.layer.GenLayerAddIsland
net/minecraft/client/particle/MobAppearance.java
 net.minecraft.client.particle.MobAppearance
 net.minecraft.client.particle.MobAppearance$Factory
net/minecraft/client/gui/MapItemRenderer.java
 net.minecraft.client.gui.MapItemRenderer
 net.minecraft.client.gui.MapItemRenderer$1
 net.minecraft.client.gui.MapItemRenderer$Instance
net/optifine/gui/GuiAnimationSettingsOF.java
 net.optifine.gui.GuiAnimationSettingsOF
net/minecraft/world/gen/layer/GenLayerBiomeEdge.java
 net.minecraft.world.gen.layer.GenLayerBiomeEdge
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/MapGenNetherBridge.java
 net.minecraft.world.gen.structure.MapGenNetherBridge
 net.minecraft.world.gen.structure.MapGenNetherBridge$Start
net/minecraft/world/gen/layer/GenLayerEdge.java
 net.minecraft.world.gen.layer.GenLayerEdge
 net.minecraft.world.gen.layer.GenLayerEdge$1
 net.minecraft.world.gen.layer.GenLayerEdge$Mode
net/optifine/expr/ExpressionFloatCached.java
 net.optifine.expr.ExpressionFloatCached
net/minecraft/item/ItemAnvilBlock.java
 net.minecraft.item.ItemAnvilBlock
net/minecraft/client/renderer/texture/ITickableTextureObject.java
 net.minecraft.client.renderer.texture.ITickableTextureObject
net/minecraft/client/renderer/block/statemap/BlockStateMapper.java
 net.minecraft.client.renderer.block.statemap.BlockStateMapper
net/minecraft/entity/player/PlayerCapabilities.java
 net.minecraft.entity.player.PlayerCapabilities
net/minecraft/client/player/inventory/LocalBlockIntercommunication.java
 net.minecraft.client.player.inventory.LocalBlockIntercommunication
net/minecraft/inventory/InventoryLargeChest.java
 net.minecraft.inventory.InventoryLargeChest
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S1DPacketEntityEffect.java
 net.minecraft.network.play.server.S1DPacketEntityEffect
net/minecraft/client/renderer/texture/ITextureObject.java
 net.minecraft.client.renderer.texture.ITextureObject
net/optifine/entity/model/ModelAdapterGhast.java
 net.optifine.entity.model.ModelAdapterGhast
net/minecraft/block/BlockLiquid.java
 net.minecraft.block.BlockLiquid
net/minecraft/entity/passive/EntityTameable.java
 net.minecraft.entity.passive.EntityTameable
net/minecraft/client/renderer/texture/SimpleTexture.java
 net.minecraft.client.renderer.texture.SimpleTexture
net/optifine/entity/model/ModelAdapterMooshroom.java
 net.optifine.entity.model.ModelAdapterMooshroom
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/RenderSnowMan.java
 net.minecraft.client.renderer.entity.RenderSnowMan
net/optifine/entity/model/anim/RenderEntityParameterFloat.java
 net.optifine.entity.model.anim.RenderEntityParameterFloat
 net.optifine.entity.model.anim.RenderEntityParameterFloat$1
net/optifine/shaders/uniform/UniformType.java
 net.optifine.shaders.uniform.UniformType
 net.optifine.shaders.uniform.UniformType$1
net/optifine/entity/model/anim/ModelVariableUpdater.java
 net.optifine.entity.model.anim.ModelVariableUpdater
net/minecraft/server/management/ServerConfigurationManager.java
 net.minecraft.server.management.ServerConfigurationManager
 net.minecraft.server.management.ServerConfigurationManager$1
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S44PacketWorldBorder.java
 net.minecraft.network.play.server.S44PacketWorldBorder
 net.minecraft.network.play.server.S44PacketWorldBorder$1
 net.minecraft.network.play.server.S44PacketWorldBorder$Action
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiScreenResourcePacks.java
 net.minecraft.client.gui.GuiScreenResourcePacks
net/minecraft/block/BlockRedstoneLight.java
 net.minecraft.block.BlockRedstoneLight
net/minecraft/realms/RealmsScreen.java
 net.minecraft.realms.RealmsScreen
net/minecraft/item/crafting/IRecipe.java
 net.minecraft.item.crafting.IRecipe
net/optifine/entity/model/anim/ModelVariableType.java
 net.optifine.entity.model.anim.ModelVariableType
 net.optifine.entity.model.anim.ModelVariableType$1
net/minecraft/client/stream/ChatController.java
 net.minecraft.client.stream.ChatController
 net.minecraft.client.stream.ChatController$1
 net.minecraft.client.stream.ChatController$2
 net.minecraft.client.stream.ChatController$ChatChannelListener
 net.minecraft.client.stream.ChatController$ChatListener
 net.minecraft.client.stream.ChatController$ChatState
 net.minecraft.client.stream.ChatController$EnumChannelState
 net.minecraft.client.stream.ChatController$EnumEmoticonMode
net/minecraft/block/BlockStone.java
 net.minecraft.block.BlockStone
 net.minecraft.block.BlockStone$EnumType
net/minecraft/client/particle/EntityRainFX.java
 net.minecraft.client.particle.EntityRainFX
 net.minecraft.client.particle.EntityRainFX$Factory
net/minecraft/client/renderer/texture/IIconCreator.java
 net.minecraft.client.renderer.texture.IIconCreator
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureVillagePieces.java
 net.minecraft.world.gen.structure.StructureVillagePieces
 net.minecraft.world.gen.structure.StructureVillagePieces$1
 net.minecraft.world.gen.structure.StructureVillagePieces$Church
 net.minecraft.world.gen.structure.StructureVillagePieces$Field1
 net.minecraft.world.gen.structure.StructureVillagePieces$Field2
 net.minecraft.world.gen.structure.StructureVillagePieces$Hall
 net.minecraft.world.gen.structure.StructureVillagePieces$House1
 net.minecraft.world.gen.structure.StructureVillagePieces$House2
 net.minecraft.world.gen.structure.StructureVillagePieces$House3
 net.minecraft.world.gen.structure.StructureVillagePieces$House4Garden
 net.minecraft.world.gen.structure.StructureVillagePieces$Path
 net.minecraft.world.gen.structure.StructureVillagePieces$PieceWeight
 net.minecraft.world.gen.structure.StructureVillagePieces$Road
 net.minecraft.world.gen.structure.StructureVillagePieces$Start
 net.minecraft.world.gen.structure.StructureVillagePieces$Torch
 net.minecraft.world.gen.structure.StructureVillagePieces$Village
 net.minecraft.world.gen.structure.StructureVillagePieces$Well
 net.minecraft.world.gen.structure.StructureVillagePieces$WoodHut
net/minecraft/world/gen/layer/GenLayerAddMushroomIsland.java
 net.minecraft.world.gen.layer.GenLayerAddMushroomIsland
net/minecraft/client/entity/AbstractClientPlayer.java
 net.minecraft.client.entity.AbstractClientPlayer
net/minecraft/client/model/ModelBat.java
 net.minecraft.client.model.ModelBat
net/minecraft/world/gen/feature/WorldGenIceSpike.java
 net.minecraft.world.gen.feature.WorldGenIceSpike
net/minecraft/world/gen/feature/WorldGenLakes.java
 net.minecraft.world.gen.feature.WorldGenLakes
net/minecraft/client/resources/data/AnimationFrame.java
 net.minecraft.client.resources.data.AnimationFrame
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiHopper.java
 net.minecraft.client.gui.GuiHopper
net/minecraft/command/server/CommandWhitelist.java
 net.minecraft.command.server.CommandWhitelist
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S21PacketChunkData.java
 net.minecraft.network.play.server.S21PacketChunkData
 net.minecraft.network.play.server.S21PacketChunkData$Extracted
net/minecraft/block/BlockHalfWoodSlab.java
 net.minecraft.block.BlockHalfWoodSlab
net/minecraft/dispenser/BehaviorProjectileDispense.java
 net.minecraft.dispenser.BehaviorProjectileDispense
net/optifine/expr/IExpressionFloat.java
 net.optifine.expr.IExpressionFloat
net/optifine/shaders/uniform/ShaderUniform2i.java
 net.optifine.shaders.uniform.ShaderUniform2i
net/minecraft/world/WorldProvider.java
 net.minecraft.world.WorldProvider
net/minecraft/client/renderer/tileentity/TileEntityRendererDispatcher.java
 net.minecraft.client.renderer.tileentity.TileEntityRendererDispatcher
net/minecraft/client/renderer/DestroyBlockProgress.java
 net.minecraft.client.renderer.DestroyBlockProgress
net/optifine/CustomPanorama.java
 net.optifine.CustomPanorama
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiOptions.java
 net.minecraft.client.gui.GuiOptions
 net.minecraft.client.gui.GuiOptions$1
net/minecraft/block/BlockRedFlower.java
 net.minecraft.block.BlockRedFlower
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiShareToLan.java
 net.minecraft.client.gui.GuiShareToLan
net/minecraft/client/particle/EntityParticleEmitter.java
 net.minecraft.client.particle.EntityParticleEmitter
net/optifine/shaders/SVertexBuilder.java
 net.optifine.shaders.SVertexBuilder
net/minecraft/client/renderer/block/model/BlockPartFace.java
 net.minecraft.client.renderer.block.model.BlockPartFace
 net.minecraft.client.renderer.block.model.BlockPartFace$Deserializer
net/minecraft/tileentity/TileEntityNote.java
 net.minecraft.tileentity.TileEntityNote
net/minecraft/world/gen/ChunkProviderGenerate.java
 net.minecraft.world.gen.ChunkProviderGenerate
net/minecraft/world/gen/feature/WorldGenDoublePlant.java
 net.minecraft.world.gen.feature.WorldGenDoublePlant
net/minecraft/util/ChatAllowedCharacters.java
 net.minecraft.util.ChatAllowedCharacters
net/optifine/entity/model/anim/IModelResolver.java
 net.optifine.entity.model.anim.IModelResolver
net/minecraft/profiler/IPlayerUsage.java
 net.minecraft.profiler.IPlayerUsage
net/minecraft/command/NumberInvalidException.java
 net.minecraft.command.NumberInvalidException
net/minecraft/world/biome/BiomeGenHell.java
 net.minecraft.world.biome.BiomeGenHell
net/optifine/shaders/config/MacroState.java
 net.optifine.shaders.config.MacroState
net/optifine/entity/model/ModelAdapterCow.java
 net.optifine.entity.model.ModelAdapterCow
net/minecraft/entity/projectile/EntityFireball.java
 net.minecraft.entity.projectile.EntityFireball
net/optifine/shaders/uniform/CustomUniforms.java
 net.optifine.shaders.uniform.CustomUniforms
net/optifine/gui/TooltipProviderEnumShaderOptions.java
 net.optifine.gui.TooltipProviderEnumShaderOptions
net/minecraft/world/gen/layer/GenLayer.java
 net.minecraft.world.gen.layer.GenLayer
 net.minecraft.world.gen.layer.GenLayer$1
 net.minecraft.world.gen.layer.GenLayer$2
net/minecraft/world/gen/layer/GenLayerRiverMix.java
 net.minecraft.world.gen.layer.GenLayerRiverMix
net/optifine/entity/model/ModelAdapterSilverfish.java
 net.optifine.entity.model.ModelAdapterSilverfish
net/optifine/shaders/SimpleShaderTexture.java
 net.optifine.shaders.SimpleShaderTexture
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/RenderGiantZombie.java
 net.minecraft.client.renderer.entity.RenderGiantZombie
 net.minecraft.client.renderer.entity.RenderGiantZombie$1
net/minecraft/item/ItemExpBottle.java
 net.minecraft.item.ItemExpBottle
net/optifine/shaders/uniform/ShaderParameterBool.java
 net.optifine.shaders.uniform.ShaderParameterBool
 net.optifine.shaders.uniform.ShaderParameterBool$1
net/optifine/entity/model/ModelAdapterDragon.java
 net.optifine.entity.model.ModelAdapterDragon
net/minecraft/world/gen/NoiseGeneratorPerlin.java
 net.minecraft.world.gen.NoiseGeneratorPerlin
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S3DPacketDisplayScoreboard.java
 net.minecraft.network.play.server.S3DPacketDisplayScoreboard
net/minecraft/network/play/client/C17PacketCustomPayload.java
 net.minecraft.network.play.client.C17PacketCustomPayload
net/optifine/expr/FunctionFloat.java
 net.optifine.expr.FunctionFloat
 net.optifine.expr.FunctionFloat$1
net/minecraft/client/audio/PositionedSound.java
 net.minecraft.client.audio.PositionedSound
net/minecraft/network/play/client/C01PacketChatMessage.java
 net.minecraft.network.play.client.C01PacketChatMessage
net/minecraft/item/ItemSeeds.java
 net.minecraft.item.ItemSeeds
net/minecraft/world/ILockableContainer.java
 net.minecraft.world.ILockableContainer
net/optifine/util/Json.java
 net.optifine.util.Json
net/minecraft/world/gen/GeneratorBushFeature.java
 net.minecraft.world.gen.GeneratorBushFeature
net/minecraft/client/particle/EntityBreakingFX.java
 net.minecraft.client.particle.EntityBreakingFX
 net.minecraft.client.particle.EntityBreakingFX$Factory
 net.minecraft.client.particle.EntityBreakingFX$SlimeFactory
 net.minecraft.client.particle.EntityBreakingFX$SnowballFactory
net/optifine/entity/model/ModelAdapterBlaze.java
 net.optifine.entity.model.ModelAdapterBlaze
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/RenderZombie.java
 net.minecraft.client.renderer.entity.RenderZombie
 net.minecraft.client.renderer.entity.RenderZombie$1
net/minecraft/item/crafting/RecipeRepairItem.java
 net.minecraft.item.crafting.RecipeRepairItem
net/minecraft/block/BlockLadder.java
 net.minecraft.block.BlockLadder
 net.minecraft.block.BlockLadder$1
net/minecraft/realms/Tezzelator.java
 net.minecraft.realms.Tezzelator
net/minecraft/world/gen/layer/GenLayerRareBiome.java
 net.minecraft.world.gen.layer.GenLayerRareBiome
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiRenameWorld.java
 net.minecraft.client.gui.GuiRenameWorld
net/minecraft/world/gen/feature/WorldGenForest.java
 net.minecraft.world.gen.feature.WorldGenForest
net/minecraft/network/login/server/S02PacketLoginSuccess.java
 net.minecraft.network.login.server.S02PacketLoginSuccess
net/optifine/shaders/uniform/ShaderUniform1f.java
 net.optifine.shaders.uniform.ShaderUniform1f
net/minecraft/command/server/CommandSaveOff.java
 net.minecraft.command.server.CommandSaveOff
net/minecraft/pathfinding/PathEntity.java
 net.minecraft.pathfinding.PathEntity
net/optifine/shaders/gui/GuiButtonShaderOption.java
 net.optifine.shaders.gui.GuiButtonShaderOption
net/minecraft/command/CommandSetPlayerTimeout.java
 net.minecraft.command.CommandSetPlayerTimeout
net/minecraft/block/BlockEnchantmentTable.java
 net.minecraft.block.BlockEnchantmentTable
net/optifine/CustomColorFader.java
 net.optifine.CustomColorFader
net/minecraft/client/gui/inventory/CreativeCrafting.java
 net.minecraft.client.gui.inventory.CreativeCrafting
net/minecraft/client/resources/LanguageManager.java
 net.minecraft.client.resources.LanguageManager
net/optifine/entity/model/ModelAdapterEnderCrystal.java
 net.optifine.entity.model.ModelAdapterEnderCrystal
net/optifine/shaders/config/ShaderOptionScreen.java
 net.optifine.shaders.config.ShaderOptionScreen
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/RenderItem.java
 net.minecraft.client.renderer.entity.RenderItem
 net.minecraft.client.renderer.entity.RenderItem$1
 net.minecraft.client.renderer.entity.RenderItem$2
 net.minecraft.client.renderer.entity.RenderItem$3
 net.minecraft.client.renderer.entity.RenderItem$4
 net.minecraft.client.renderer.entity.RenderItem$5
 net.minecraft.client.renderer.entity.RenderItem$6
 net.minecraft.client.renderer.entity.RenderItem$7
 net.minecraft.client.renderer.entity.RenderItem$8
 net.minecraft.client.renderer.entity.RenderItem$9
net/minecraft/realms/RealmsLevelSummary.java
 net.minecraft.realms.RealmsLevelSummary
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiButtonLanguage.java
 net.minecraft.client.gui.GuiButtonLanguage
net/minecraft/world/gen/feature/WorldGenBigTree.java
 net.minecraft.world.gen.feature.WorldGenBigTree
 net.minecraft.world.gen.feature.WorldGenBigTree$FoliageCoordinates
net/minecraft/realms/RealmsServerAddress.java
 net.minecraft.realms.RealmsServerAddress
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/RenderWitch.java
 net.minecraft.client.renderer.entity.RenderWitch
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiDownloadTerrain.java
 net.minecraft.client.gui.GuiDownloadTerrain
net/optifine/entity/model/ModelAdapterPig.java
 net.optifine.entity.model.ModelAdapterPig
net/minecraft/entity/passive/EntityVillager.java
 net.minecraft.entity.passive.EntityVillager
 net.minecraft.entity.passive.EntityVillager$EmeraldForItems
 net.minecraft.entity.passive.EntityVillager$ITradeList
 net.minecraft.entity.passive.EntityVillager$ItemAndEmeraldToItem
 net.minecraft.entity.passive.EntityVillager$ListEnchantedBookForEmeralds
 net.minecraft.entity.passive.EntityVillager$ListEnchantedItemForEmeralds
 net.minecraft.entity.passive.EntityVillager$ListItemForEmeralds
 net.minecraft.entity.passive.EntityVillager$PriceInfo
net/optifine/entity/model/ModelAdapterArmorStand.java
 net.optifine.entity.model.ModelAdapterArmorStand
net/minecraft/entity/player/EnumPlayerModelParts.java
 net.minecraft.entity.player.EnumPlayerModelParts
net/minecraft/client/util/JsonBlendingMode.java
 net.minecraft.client.util.JsonBlendingMode
net/minecraft/client/renderer/texture/TextureCompass.java
 net.minecraft.client.renderer.texture.TextureCompass
net/minecraft/world/gen/feature/WorldGenerator.java
 net.minecraft.world.gen.feature.WorldGenerator
net/minecraft/client/renderer/ViewFrustum.java
 net.minecraft.client.renderer.ViewFrustum
net/minecraft/item/ItemHangingEntity.java
 net.minecraft.item.ItemHangingEntity
net/minecraft/util/EnumParticleTypes.java
 net.minecraft.util.EnumParticleTypes
net/minecraft/util/LongHashMap.java
 net.minecraft.util.LongHashMap
 net.minecraft.util.LongHashMap$Entry
net/minecraft/client/model/ModelChicken.java
 net.minecraft.client.model.ModelChicken
net/optifine/NaturalTextures.java
 net.optifine.NaturalTextures
net/optifine/texture/PixelFormat.java
 net.optifine.texture.PixelFormat
net/minecraft/pathfinding/PathNavigate.java
 net.minecraft.pathfinding.PathNavigate
net/minecraft/inventory/InventoryHelper.java
 net.minecraft.inventory.InventoryHelper
net/minecraft/block/BlockRedstoneComparator.java
 net.minecraft.block.BlockRedstoneComparator
 net.minecraft.block.BlockRedstoneComparator$1
 net.minecraft.block.BlockRedstoneComparator$Mode
net/minecraft/block/BlockNewLeaf.java
 net.minecraft.block.BlockNewLeaf
 net.minecraft.block.BlockNewLeaf$1
net/minecraft/realms/RealmsAnvilLevelStorageSource.java
 net.minecraft.realms.RealmsAnvilLevelStorageSource
net/minecraft/realms/RealmsSliderButton.java
 net.minecraft.realms.RealmsSliderButton
net/minecraft/item/ItemSeedFood.java
 net.minecraft.item.ItemSeedFood
net/minecraft/entity/ai/EntityAIBreakDoor.java
 net.minecraft.entity.ai.EntityAIBreakDoor
net/optifine/model/ModelUtils.java
 net.optifine.model.ModelUtils
net/minecraft/entity/passive/EntityHorse.java
 net.minecraft.entity.passive.EntityHorse
 net.minecraft.entity.passive.EntityHorse$1
 net.minecraft.entity.passive.EntityHorse$GroupData
net/optifine/entity/model/ModelAdapterWolf.java
 net.optifine.entity.model.ModelAdapterWolf
net/minecraft/client/renderer/chunk/VisGraph.java
 net.minecraft.client.renderer.chunk.VisGraph
 net.minecraft.client.renderer.chunk.VisGraph$1
net/minecraft/client/renderer/texture/Stitcher.java
 net.minecraft.client.renderer.texture.Stitcher
 net.minecraft.client.renderer.texture.Stitcher$Holder
 net.minecraft.client.renderer.texture.Stitcher$Slot
net/minecraft/tileentity/IHopper.java
 net.minecraft.tileentity.IHopper
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S33PacketUpdateSign.java
 net.minecraft.network.play.server.S33PacketUpdateSign
net/minecraft/client/renderer/EntityRenderer.java
 net.minecraft.client.renderer.EntityRenderer
 net.minecraft.client.renderer.EntityRenderer$1
 net.minecraft.client.renderer.EntityRenderer$2
 net.minecraft.client.renderer.EntityRenderer$3
 net.minecraft.client.renderer.EntityRenderer$4
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiLabel.java
 net.minecraft.client.gui.GuiLabel
net/minecraft/item/ItemEgg.java
 net.minecraft.item.ItemEgg
net/minecraft/scoreboard/ScoreHealthCriteria.java
 net.minecraft.scoreboard.ScoreHealthCriteria
net/minecraft/world/chunk/ChunkPrimer.java
 net.minecraft.world.chunk.ChunkPrimer
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S30PacketWindowItems.java
 net.minecraft.network.play.server.S30PacketWindowItems
net/minecraft/block/BlockEndPortal.java
 net.minecraft.block.BlockEndPortal
net/minecraft/potion/PotionHealth.java
 net.minecraft.potion.PotionHealth
net/minecraft/client/renderer/tileentity/RenderEnderCrystal.java
 net.minecraft.client.renderer.tileentity.RenderEnderCrystal
net/minecraftforge/client/model/ISmartItemModel.java
 net.minecraftforge.client.model.ISmartItemModel
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiCustomizeWorldScreen.java
 net.minecraft.client.gui.GuiCustomizeWorldScreen
 net.minecraft.client.gui.GuiCustomizeWorldScreen$1
net/minecraft/world/storage/ThreadedFileIOBase.java
 net.minecraft.world.storage.ThreadedFileIOBase
net/minecraft/client/renderer/vertex/VertexBuffer.java
 net.minecraft.client.renderer.vertex.VertexBuffer
net/minecraft/client/resources/data/FontMetadataSectionSerializer.java
 net.minecraft.client.resources.data.FontMetadataSectionSerializer
net/optifine/shaders/HFNoiseTexture.java
 net.optifine.shaders.HFNoiseTexture
net/minecraft/client/model/ModelIronGolem.java
 net.minecraft.client.model.ModelIronGolem
net/optifine/NaturalProperties.java
 net.optifine.NaturalProperties
net/minecraft/world/storage/SaveFormatComparator.java
 net.minecraft.world.storage.SaveFormatComparator
net/minecraft/world/WorldServer.java
 net.minecraft.world.WorldServer
 net.minecraft.world.WorldServer$1
 net.minecraft.world.WorldServer$ServerBlockEventList
net/minecraft/block/BlockSkull.java
 net.minecraft.block.BlockSkull
 net.minecraft.block.BlockSkull$1
 net.minecraft.block.BlockSkull$2
net/minecraft/world/MinecraftException.java
 net.minecraft.world.MinecraftException
net/optifine/expr/ParametersVariable.java
 net.optifine.expr.ParametersVariable
net/minecraft/client/renderer/chunk/ListedRenderChunk.java
 net.minecraft.client.renderer.chunk.ListedRenderChunk
net/minecraft/client/particle/EntityFlameFX.java
 net.minecraft.client.particle.EntityFlameFX
 net.minecraft.client.particle.EntityFlameFX$Factory
net/minecraft/network/rcon/RConConsoleSource.java
 net.minecraft.network.rcon.RConConsoleSource
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiSleepMP.java
 net.minecraft.client.gui.GuiSleepMP
net/minecraft/world/chunk/storage/AnvilSaveHandler.java
 net.minecraft.world.chunk.storage.AnvilSaveHandler
net/minecraft/item/ItemSpade.java
 net.minecraft.item.ItemSpade
net/optifine/http/HttpPipeline.java
 net.optifine.http.HttpPipeline
 net.optifine.http.HttpPipeline$1
net/optifine/shaders/uniform/ShaderUniforms.java
 net.optifine.shaders.uniform.ShaderUniforms
net/minecraft/world/gen/feature/WorldGenFire.java
 net.minecraft.world.gen.feature.WorldGenFire
net/minecraft/entity/monster/IMob.java
 net.minecraft.entity.monster.IMob
 net.minecraft.entity.monster.IMob$1
 net.minecraft.entity.monster.IMob$2
net/optifine/util/StrUtils.java
 net.optifine.util.StrUtils
net/optifine/shaders/uniform/ShaderUniform3f.java
 net.optifine.shaders.uniform.ShaderUniform3f
net/optifine/config/GlVersion.java
 net.optifine.config.GlVersion
net/minecraft/block/BlockButtonWood.java
 net.minecraft.block.BlockButtonWood
net/minecraft/entity/ai/EntityAIFleeSun.java
 net.minecraft.entity.ai.EntityAIFleeSun
net/minecraft/world/gen/feature/WorldGenAbstractTree.java
 net.minecraft.world.gen.feature.WorldGenAbstractTree
net/minecraft/item/crafting/RecipesIngots.java
 net.minecraft.item.crafting.RecipesIngots
net/minecraft/client/audio/MovingSound.java
 net.minecraft.client.audio.MovingSound
net/minecraft/util/MovingObjectPosition.java
 net.minecraft.util.MovingObjectPosition
 net.minecraft.util.MovingObjectPosition$MovingObjectType
net/optifine/util/ArrayCache.java
 net.optifine.util.ArrayCache
net/minecraft/client/resources/IResourceManager.java
 net.minecraft.client.resources.IResourceManager
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/RenderCaveSpider.java
 net.minecraft.client.renderer.entity.RenderCaveSpider
net/minecraft/block/BlockStaticLiquid.java
 net.minecraft.block.BlockStaticLiquid
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S10PacketSpawnPainting.java
 net.minecraft.network.play.server.S10PacketSpawnPainting
net/minecraft/world/biome/BiomeGenStoneBeach.java
 net.minecraft.world.biome.BiomeGenStoneBeach
net/optifine/reflect/ReflectorClass.java
 net.optifine.reflect.ReflectorClass
net/minecraft/entity/item/EntityItem.java
 net.minecraft.entity.item.EntityItem
net/minecraftforge/client/model/ITransformation.java
 net.minecraftforge.client.model.ITransformation
net/minecraft/world/gen/feature/WorldGenGlowStone2.java
 net.minecraft.world.gen.feature.WorldGenGlowStone2
net/optifine/shaders/config/ShaderPackParser.java
 net.optifine.shaders.config.ShaderPackParser
 net.optifine.shaders.config.ShaderPackParser$1
net/minecraft/item/ItemTool.java
 net.minecraft.item.ItemTool
net/minecraft/entity/monster/EntitySnowman.java
 net.minecraft.entity.monster.EntitySnowman
net/minecraft/world/gen/feature/WorldGenTrees.java
 net.minecraft.world.gen.feature.WorldGenTrees
net/minecraft/realms/RealmsVertexFormatElement.java
 net.minecraft.realms.RealmsVertexFormatElement
net/minecraft/client/resources/model/BuiltInModel.java
 net.minecraft.client.resources.model.BuiltInModel
net/optifine/util/CounterInt.java
 net.optifine.util.CounterInt
net/minecraft/block/material/MaterialTransparent.java
 net.minecraft.block.material.MaterialTransparent
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/RenderFish.java
 net.minecraft.client.renderer.entity.RenderFish
net/optifine/entity/model/ModelAdapterZombie.java
 net.optifine.entity.model.ModelAdapterZombie
net/minecraft/command/server/CommandTestFor.java
 net.minecraft.command.server.CommandTestFor
net/minecraft/entity/projectile/EntityPotion.java
 net.minecraft.entity.projectile.EntityPotion
net/minecraft/client/renderer/tileentity/TileEntityMobSpawnerRenderer.java
 net.minecraft.client.renderer.tileentity.TileEntityMobSpawnerRenderer
net/optifine/shaders/SVertexAttrib.java
 net.optifine.shaders.SVertexAttrib
net/minecraft/entity/DataWatcher.java
 net.minecraft.entity.DataWatcher
 net.minecraft.entity.DataWatcher$WatchableObject
net/optifine/DynamicLightsMap.java
 net.optifine.DynamicLightsMap
net/minecraft/network/NettyCompressionEncoder.java
 net.minecraft.network.NettyCompressionEncoder
net/optifine/BlockDir.java
 net.optifine.BlockDir
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/RenderWither.java
 net.minecraft.client.renderer.entity.RenderWither
net/minecraft/client/stream/IStream.java
 net.minecraft.client.stream.IStream
 net.minecraft.client.stream.IStream$AuthFailureReason
net/minecraft/entity/monster/EntityWitch.java
 net.minecraft.entity.monster.EntityWitch
net/optifine/entity/model/ModelAdapterSign.java
 net.optifine.entity.model.ModelAdapterSign
net/minecraft/item/crafting/RecipesFood.java
 net.minecraft.item.crafting.RecipesFood
net/optifine/VersionCheckThread.java
 net.optifine.VersionCheckThread
net/minecraft/client/shader/Framebuffer.java
 net.minecraft.client.shader.Framebuffer
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S03PacketTimeUpdate.java
 net.minecraft.network.play.server.S03PacketTimeUpdate
net/minecraft/client/particle/EntitySnowShovelFX.java
 net.minecraft.client.particle.EntitySnowShovelFX
 net.minecraft.client.particle.EntitySnowShovelFX$Factory
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiSnooper.java
 net.minecraft.client.gui.GuiSnooper
 net.minecraft.client.gui.GuiSnooper$List
net/minecraft/block/BlockTripWire.java
 net.minecraft.block.BlockTripWire
net/minecraft/world/gen/feature/WorldGenTaiga2.java
 net.minecraft.world.gen.feature.WorldGenTaiga2
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S48PacketResourcePackSend.java
 net.minecraft.network.play.server.S48PacketResourcePackSend
net/minecraft/block/BlockCommandBlock.java
 net.minecraft.block.BlockCommandBlock
net/minecraft/block/BlockRailBase.java
 net.minecraft.block.BlockRailBase
 net.minecraft.block.BlockRailBase$1
 net.minecraft.block.BlockRailBase$EnumRailDirection
 net.minecraft.block.BlockRailBase$Rail
net/optifine/util/TileEntityUtils.java
 net.optifine.util.TileEntityUtils
net/minecraft/world/gen/feature/WorldGenClay.java
 net.minecraft.world.gen.feature.WorldGenClay
net/minecraft/client/particle/IParticleFactory.java
 net.minecraft.client.particle.IParticleFactory
net/optifine/reflect/ReflectorForge.java
 net.optifine.reflect.ReflectorForge
net/minecraft/inventory/ContainerFurnace.java
 net.minecraft.inventory.ContainerFurnace
net/minecraft/tileentity/TileEntityBanner.java
 net.minecraft.tileentity.TileEntityBanner
 net.minecraft.tileentity.TileEntityBanner$EnumBannerPattern
net/optifine/util/LongSupplier.java
 net.optifine.util.LongSupplier
net/minecraft/client/renderer/VboRenderList.java
 net.minecraft.client.renderer.VboRenderList
net/minecraft/client/player/inventory/ContainerLocalMenu.java
 net.minecraft.client.player.inventory.ContainerLocalMenu
net/minecraft/world/WorldProviderHell.java
 net.minecraft.world.WorldProviderHell
 net.minecraft.world.WorldProviderHell$1
net/minecraft/block/BlockFurnace.java
 net.minecraft.block.BlockFurnace
 net.minecraft.block.BlockFurnace$1
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S01PacketJoinGame.java
 net.minecraft.network.play.server.S01PacketJoinGame
net/minecraft/util/StatCollector.java
 net.minecraft.util.StatCollector
net/minecraft/world/gen/layer/GenLayerShore.java
 net.minecraft.world.gen.layer.GenLayerShore
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/RenderSnowball.java
 net.minecraft.client.renderer.entity.RenderSnowball
net/minecraft/block/BlockFenceGate.java
 net.minecraft.block.BlockFenceGate
net/optifine/render/RenderEnv.java
 net.optifine.render.RenderEnv
net/optifine/entity/model/anim/RenderResolverTileEntity.java
 net.optifine.entity.model.anim.RenderResolverTileEntity
net/minecraft/entity/passive/EntityAnimal.java
 net.minecraft.entity.passive.EntityAnimal
net/minecraft/block/BlockPane.java
 net.minecraft.block.BlockPane
net/minecraft/inventory/ContainerEnchantment.java
 net.minecraft.inventory.ContainerEnchantment
 net.minecraft.inventory.ContainerEnchantment$1
 net.minecraft.inventory.ContainerEnchantment$2
 net.minecraft.inventory.ContainerEnchantment$3
net/minecraft/client/renderer/StitcherException.java
 net.minecraft.client.renderer.StitcherException
net/minecraft/entity/ai/RandomPositionGenerator.java
 net.minecraft.entity.ai.RandomPositionGenerator
net/minecraft/inventory/ContainerHopper.java
 net.minecraft.inventory.ContainerHopper
net/minecraft/entity/item/EntityFireworkRocket.java
 net.minecraft.entity.item.EntityFireworkRocket
net/minecraft/block/BlockYellowFlower.java
 net.minecraft.block.BlockYellowFlower
net/optifine/entity/model/ModelAdapterMinecart.java
 net.optifine.entity.model.ModelAdapterMinecart
net/minecraft/client/audio/ISoundEventAccessor.java
 net.minecraft.client.audio.ISoundEventAccessor
net/minecraft/command/CommandShowSeed.java
 net.minecraft.command.CommandShowSeed
net/minecraft/server/network/NetHandlerHandshakeTCP.java
 net.minecraft.server.network.NetHandlerHandshakeTCP
 net.minecraft.server.network.NetHandlerHandshakeTCP$1
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/MapGenStructure.java
 net.minecraft.world.gen.structure.MapGenStructure
 net.minecraft.world.gen.structure.MapGenStructure$1
 net.minecraft.world.gen.structure.MapGenStructure$2
 net.minecraft.world.gen.structure.MapGenStructure$3
net/minecraft/world/storage/MapData.java
 net.minecraft.world.storage.MapData
 net.minecraft.world.storage.MapData$MapInfo
net/minecraft/util/IStringSerializable.java
 net.minecraft.util.IStringSerializable
net/minecraft/init/Bootstrap.java
 net.minecraft.init.Bootstrap
 net.minecraft.init.Bootstrap$1
 net.minecraft.init.Bootstrap$10
 net.minecraft.init.Bootstrap$11
 net.minecraft.init.Bootstrap$12
 net.minecraft.init.Bootstrap$13
 net.minecraft.init.Bootstrap$14
 net.minecraft.init.Bootstrap$15
 net.minecraft.init.Bootstrap$16
 net.minecraft.init.Bootstrap$2
 net.minecraft.init.Bootstrap$3
 net.minecraft.init.Bootstrap$4
 net.minecraft.init.Bootstrap$5
 net.minecraft.init.Bootstrap$5$1
 net.minecraft.init.Bootstrap$6
 net.minecraft.init.Bootstrap$7
 net.minecraft.init.Bootstrap$8
 net.minecraft.init.Bootstrap$9
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S2FPacketSetSlot.java
 net.minecraft.network.play.server.S2FPacketSetSlot
net/minecraft/client/particle/EntityExplodeFX.java
 net.minecraft.client.particle.EntityExplodeFX
 net.minecraft.client.particle.EntityExplodeFX$Factory
net/optifine/player/PlayerConfigurationParser.java
 net.optifine.player.PlayerConfigurationParser
net/minecraft/client/model/ModelArmorStand.java
 net.minecraft.client.model.ModelArmorStand
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/RenderBoat.java
 net.minecraft.client.renderer.entity.RenderBoat
net/optifine/util/NativeMemory.java
 net.optifine.util.NativeMemory
 net.optifine.util.NativeMemory$1
net/minecraft/dispenser/ILocatableSource.java
 net.minecraft.dispenser.ILocatableSource
net/minecraft/world/gen/layer/GenLayerAddSnow.java
 net.minecraft.world.gen.layer.GenLayerAddSnow
net/optifine/override/ChunkCacheOF.java
 net.optifine.override.ChunkCacheOF
net/minecraft/potion/PotionEffect.java
 net.minecraft.potion.PotionEffect
net/minecraft/util/Rotations.java
 net.minecraft.util.Rotations
net/minecraft/client/gui/achievement/GuiAchievement.java
 net.minecraft.client.gui.achievement.GuiAchievement
net/minecraft/entity/monster/EntityMagmaCube.java
 net.minecraft.entity.monster.EntityMagmaCube
net/optifine/util/FontUtils.java
 net.optifine.util.FontUtils
net/optifine/entity/model/IEntityRenderer.java
 net.optifine.entity.model.IEntityRenderer
net/minecraft/nbt/NBTTagDouble.java
 net.minecraft.nbt.NBTTagDouble
net/optifine/entity/model/CustomModelRegistry.java
 net.optifine.entity.model.CustomModelRegistry
net/minecraft/client/audio/GuardianSound.java
 net.minecraft.client.audio.GuardianSound
net/optifine/reflect/FieldLocatorFixed.java
 net.optifine.reflect.FieldLocatorFixed
net/minecraft/server/integrated/IntegratedServer.java
 net.minecraft.server.integrated.IntegratedServer
 net.minecraft.server.integrated.IntegratedServer$1
 net.minecraft.server.integrated.IntegratedServer$2
 net.minecraft.server.integrated.IntegratedServer$3
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiMultiplayer.java
 net.minecraft.client.gui.GuiMultiplayer
net/minecraft/entity/item/EntityBoat.java
 net.minecraft.entity.item.EntityBoat
net/minecraft/client/renderer/WorldRenderer.java
 net.minecraft.client.renderer.WorldRenderer
 net.minecraft.client.renderer.WorldRenderer$1
 net.minecraft.client.renderer.WorldRenderer$2
 net.minecraft.client.renderer.WorldRenderer$State
net/minecraft/client/renderer/block/model/ModelBlockDefinition.java
 net.minecraft.client.renderer.block.model.ModelBlockDefinition
 net.minecraft.client.renderer.block.model.ModelBlockDefinition$Deserializer
 net.minecraft.client.renderer.block.model.ModelBlockDefinition$MissingVariantException
 net.minecraft.client.renderer.block.model.ModelBlockDefinition$Variant
 net.minecraft.client.renderer.block.model.ModelBlockDefinition$Variant$Deserializer
 net.minecraft.client.renderer.block.model.ModelBlockDefinition$Variants
net/minecraft/world/border/IBorderListener.java
 net.minecraft.world.border.IBorderListener
net/minecraft/block/BlockDoubleStoneSlabNew.java
 net.minecraft.block.BlockDoubleStoneSlabNew
net/minecraft/util/Cartesian.java
 net.minecraft.util.Cartesian
 net.minecraft.util.Cartesian$1
 net.minecraft.util.Cartesian$GetList
 net.minecraft.util.Cartesian$Product
 net.minecraft.util.Cartesian$Product$ProductIterator
net/minecraft/command/CommandEntityData.java
 net.minecraft.command.CommandEntityData
net/minecraft/entity/EntitySpawnPlacementRegistry.java
 net.minecraft.entity.EntitySpawnPlacementRegistry
net/optifine/model/QuadBounds.java
 net.optifine.model.QuadBounds
 net.optifine.model.QuadBounds$1
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiScreen.java
 net.minecraft.client.gui.GuiScreen
net/minecraft/client/gui/achievement/GuiAchievements.java
 net.minecraft.client.gui.achievement.GuiAchievements
net/minecraft/client/stream/TwitchStream.java
 net.minecraft.client.stream.TwitchStream
 net.minecraft.client.stream.TwitchStream$1
 net.minecraft.client.stream.TwitchStream$1$1
net/optifine/CustomLoadingScreen.java
 net.optifine.CustomLoadingScreen
net/minecraft/client/shader/ShaderDefault.java
 net.minecraft.client.shader.ShaderDefault
net/minecraft/util/IntegerCache.java
 net.minecraft.util.IntegerCache
net/minecraft/world/gen/ChunkProviderSettings.java
 net.minecraft.world.gen.ChunkProviderSettings
 net.minecraft.world.gen.ChunkProviderSettings$1
 net.minecraft.world.gen.ChunkProviderSettings$Factory
 net.minecraft.world.gen.ChunkProviderSettings$Serializer
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/RenderEnderman.java
 net.minecraft.client.renderer.entity.RenderEnderman
net/minecraft/command/server/CommandAchievement.java
 net.minecraft.command.server.CommandAchievement
 net.minecraft.command.server.CommandAchievement$1
net/minecraft/tileentity/TileEntity.java
 net.minecraft.tileentity.TileEntity
 net.minecraft.tileentity.TileEntity$1
 net.minecraft.tileentity.TileEntity$2
 net.minecraft.tileentity.TileEntity$3
net/minecraft/client/audio/SoundRegistry.java
 net.minecraft.client.audio.SoundRegistry
net/minecraft/potion/Potion.java
 net.minecraft.potion.Potion
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiTextField.java
 net.minecraft.client.gui.GuiTextField
net/minecraft/client/network/NetworkPlayerInfo.java
 net.minecraft.client.network.NetworkPlayerInfo
 net.minecraft.client.network.NetworkPlayerInfo$1
 net.minecraft.client.network.NetworkPlayerInfo$2
net/optifine/shaders/CustomTextureLocation.java
 net.optifine.shaders.CustomTextureLocation
net/minecraft/world/SpawnerAnimals.java
 net.minecraft.world.SpawnerAnimals
net/minecraft/client/resources/SimpleResource.java
 net.minecraft.client.resources.SimpleResource
net/minecraftforge/common/property/IUnlistedProperty.java
 net.minecraftforge.common.property.IUnlistedProperty
net/minecraft/item/ItemBow.java
 net.minecraft.item.ItemBow
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S3CPacketUpdateScore.java
 net.minecraft.network.play.server.S3CPacketUpdateScore
 net.minecraft.network.play.server.S3CPacketUpdateScore$Action
net/minecraft/entity/item/EntityFallingBlock.java
 net.minecraft.entity.item.EntityFallingBlock
net/minecraft/client/model/ModelZombieVillager.java
 net.minecraft.client.model.ModelZombieVillager
net/minecraft/entity/ai/EntityAIRunAroundLikeCrazy.java
 net.minecraft.entity.ai.EntityAIRunAroundLikeCrazy
net/optifine/entity/model/ModelAdapterSheep.java
 net.optifine.entity.model.ModelAdapterSheep
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/MapGenStructureIO.java
 net.minecraft.world.gen.structure.MapGenStructureIO
net/minecraft/enchantment/EnchantmentHelper.java
 net.minecraft.enchantment.EnchantmentHelper
 net.minecraft.enchantment.EnchantmentHelper$1
 net.minecraft.enchantment.EnchantmentHelper$DamageIterator
 net.minecraft.enchantment.EnchantmentHelper$HurtIterator
 net.minecraft.enchantment.EnchantmentHelper$IModifier
 net.minecraft.enchantment.EnchantmentHelper$ModifierDamage
 net.minecraft.enchantment.EnchantmentHelper$ModifierLiving
net/minecraft/client/gui/inventory/GuiCrafting.java
 net.minecraft.client.gui.inventory.GuiCrafting
net/minecraft/world/biome/BiomeGenOcean.java
 net.minecraft.world.biome.BiomeGenOcean
net/optifine/config/EntityClassLocator.java
 net.optifine.config.EntityClassLocator
net/minecraft/client/renderer/ItemModelMesher.java
 net.minecraft.client.renderer.ItemModelMesher
net/minecraft/entity/projectile/EntitySnowball.java
 net.minecraft.entity.projectile.EntitySnowball
net/minecraft/item/ItemRecord.java
 net.minecraft.item.ItemRecord
net/minecraft/command/CommandGameMode.java
 net.minecraft.command.CommandGameMode
net/minecraft/crash/CrashReportCategory.java
 net.minecraft.crash.CrashReportCategory
 net.minecraft.crash.CrashReportCategory$1
 net.minecraft.crash.CrashReportCategory$2
 net.minecraft.crash.CrashReportCategory$3
 net.minecraft.crash.CrashReportCategory$4
 net.minecraft.crash.CrashReportCategory$5
 net.minecraft.crash.CrashReportCategory$Entry
net/minecraft/server/management/BanEntry.java
 net.minecraft.server.management.BanEntry
net/minecraft/entity/passive/EntityWolf.java
 net.minecraft.entity.passive.EntityWolf
 net.minecraft.entity.passive.EntityWolf$1
net/minecraft/item/EnumDyeColor.java
 net.minecraft.item.EnumDyeColor
net/minecraft/client/model/ModelBiped.java
 net.minecraft.client.model.ModelBiped
net/optifine/player/CapeImageBuffer.java
 net.optifine.player.CapeImageBuffer
net/minecraft/block/BlockQuartz.java
 net.minecraft.block.BlockQuartz
 net.minecraft.block.BlockQuartz$1
 net.minecraft.block.BlockQuartz$EnumType
net/minecraft/world/gen/feature/WorldGenBigMushroom.java
 net.minecraft.world.gen.feature.WorldGenBigMushroom
net/minecraft/client/audio/SoundCategory.java
 net.minecraft.client.audio.SoundCategory
net/minecraft/enchantment/EnchantmentDamage.java
 net.minecraft.enchantment.EnchantmentDamage
net/optifine/shaders/config/ShaderOptionSwitchConst.java
 net.optifine.shaders.config.ShaderOptionSwitchConst
net/minecraft/entity/EntityLeashKnot.java
 net.minecraft.entity.EntityLeashKnot
net/minecraft/client/audio/SoundListSerializer.java
 net.minecraft.client.audio.SoundListSerializer
net/minecraft/block/BlockTripWireHook.java
 net.minecraft.block.BlockTripWireHook
 net.minecraft.block.BlockTripWireHook$1
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiSlotRealmsProxy.java
 net.minecraft.client.gui.GuiSlotRealmsProxy
net/optifine/gui/GuiScreenCapeOF.java
 net.optifine.gui.GuiScreenCapeOF
net/optifine/shaders/config/RenderScale.java
 net.optifine.shaders.config.RenderScale
net/minecraft/block/BlockRotatedPillar.java
 net.minecraft.block.BlockRotatedPillar
net/minecraft/util/IProgressUpdate.java
 net.minecraft.util.IProgressUpdate
net/minecraft/client/renderer/block/model/FaceBakery.java
 net.minecraft.client.renderer.block.model.FaceBakery
 net.minecraft.client.renderer.block.model.FaceBakery$1
net/minecraft/command/server/CommandScoreboard.java
 net.minecraft.command.server.CommandScoreboard
net/minecraft/block/BlockDoubleStoneSlab.java
 net.minecraft.block.BlockDoubleStoneSlab
net/minecraft/client/gui/achievement/GuiStats.java
 net.minecraft.client.gui.achievement.GuiStats
 net.minecraft.client.gui.achievement.GuiStats$Stats
 net.minecraft.client.gui.achievement.GuiStats$StatsBlock
 net.minecraft.client.gui.achievement.GuiStats$StatsBlock$1
 net.minecraft.client.gui.achievement.GuiStats$StatsGeneral
 net.minecraft.client.gui.achievement.GuiStats$StatsItem
 net.minecraft.client.gui.achievement.GuiStats$StatsItem$1
 net.minecraft.client.gui.achievement.GuiStats$StatsMobsList
net/minecraft/util/ChatComponentText.java
 net.minecraft.util.ChatComponentText
net/minecraft/entity/ai/EntityAIPlay.java
 net.minecraft.entity.ai.EntityAIPlay
net/minecraft/network/play/client/C15PacketClientSettings.java
 net.minecraft.network.play.client.C15PacketClientSettings
net/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState.java
 net.minecraft.block.state.IBlockState
net/minecraft/command/server/CommandPardonIp.java
 net.minecraft.command.server.CommandPardonIp
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiChat.java
 net.minecraft.client.gui.GuiChat
net/minecraft/inventory/InventoryCrafting.java
 net.minecraft.inventory.InventoryCrafting
net/minecraft/client/resources/model/ModelManager.java
 net.minecraft.client.resources.model.ModelManager
net/minecraft/client/stream/MetadataAchievement.java
 net.minecraft.client.stream.MetadataAchievement
net/minecraft/item/crafting/RecipesCrafting.java
 net.minecraft.item.crafting.RecipesCrafting
net/minecraft/block/BlockDropper.java
 net.minecraft.block.BlockDropper
net/minecraft/entity/ai/attributes/AttributeModifier.java
 net.minecraft.entity.ai.attributes.AttributeModifier
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S49PacketUpdateEntityNBT.java
 net.minecraft.network.play.server.S49PacketUpdateEntityNBT
net/minecraft/tileentity/TileEntityDaylightDetector.java
 net.minecraft.tileentity.TileEntityDaylightDetector
net/minecraft/client/gui/spectator/ISpectatorMenuView.java
 net.minecraft.client.gui.spectator.ISpectatorMenuView
net/minecraft/util/Vector3d.java
 net.minecraft.util.Vector3d
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/RenderEntity.java
 net.minecraft.client.renderer.entity.RenderEntity
net/minecraft/block/BlockPotato.java
 net.minecraft.block.BlockPotato
net/minecraft/server/management/BanList.java
 net.minecraft.server.management.BanList
net/minecraft/tileentity/TileEntityBrewingStand.java
 net.minecraft.tileentity.TileEntityBrewingStand
net/minecraft/util/WeightedRandomFishable.java
 net.minecraft.util.WeightedRandomFishable
net/optifine/RandomTileEntity.java
 net.optifine.RandomTileEntity
net/optifine/reflect/FieldLocatorTypes.java
 net.optifine.reflect.FieldLocatorTypes
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S2APacketParticles.java
 net.minecraft.network.play.server.S2APacketParticles
net/minecraft/client/resources/IResourceManagerReloadListener.java
 net.minecraft.client.resources.IResourceManagerReloadListener
net/minecraft/dispenser/IBlockSource.java
 net.minecraft.dispenser.IBlockSource
net/minecraft/entity/ai/EntityAINearestAttackableTarget.java
 net.minecraft.entity.ai.EntityAINearestAttackableTarget
 net.minecraft.entity.ai.EntityAINearestAttackableTarget$1
 net.minecraft.entity.ai.EntityAINearestAttackableTarget$Sorter
net/optifine/shaders/config/ShaderOptionRest.java
 net.optifine.shaders.config.ShaderOptionRest
net/minecraft/entity/item/EntityMinecartTNT.java
 net.minecraft.entity.item.EntityMinecartTNT
net/minecraft/server/management/IPBanEntry.java
 net.minecraft.server.management.IPBanEntry
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiStreamIndicator.java
 net.minecraft.client.gui.GuiStreamIndicator
net/minecraft/client/renderer/vertex/DefaultVertexFormats.java
 net.minecraft.client.renderer.vertex.DefaultVertexFormats
net/minecraft/block/properties/PropertyBool.java
 net.minecraft.block.properties.PropertyBool
net/minecraft/block/BlockDragonEgg.java
 net.minecraft.block.BlockDragonEgg
net/minecraft/inventory/SlotFurnaceFuel.java
 net.minecraft.inventory.SlotFurnaceFuel
net/minecraft/network/play/client/C0BPacketEntityAction.java
 net.minecraft.network.play.client.C0BPacketEntityAction
 net.minecraft.network.play.client.C0BPacketEntityAction$Action
net/minecraft/client/model/ModelSlime.java
 net.minecraft.client.model.ModelSlime
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S04PacketEntityEquipment.java
 net.minecraft.network.play.server.S04PacketEntityEquipment
net/optifine/util/NumUtils.java
 net.optifine.util.NumUtils
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/layers/LayerBipedArmor.java
 net.minecraft.client.renderer.entity.layers.LayerBipedArmor
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiScreenAddServer.java
 net.minecraft.client.gui.GuiScreenAddServer
 net.minecraft.client.gui.GuiScreenAddServer$1
net/optifine/gui/TooltipProviderOptions.java
 net.optifine.gui.TooltipProviderOptions
net/minecraft/block/BlockTorch.java
 net.minecraft.block.BlockTorch
 net.minecraft.block.BlockTorch$1
 net.minecraft.block.BlockTorch$2
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/layers/LayerDeadmau5Head.java
 net.minecraft.client.renderer.entity.layers.LayerDeadmau5Head
net/minecraft/network/play/client/C14PacketTabComplete.java
 net.minecraft.network.play.client.C14PacketTabComplete
net/minecraft/client/resources/data/IMetadataSerializer.java
 net.minecraft.client.resources.data.IMetadataSerializer
 net.minecraft.client.resources.data.IMetadataSerializer$1
 net.minecraft.client.resources.data.IMetadataSerializer$Registration
net/minecraft/util/CryptManager.java
 net.minecraft.util.CryptManager
net/optifine/entity/model/anim/RenderEntityParameterBool.java
 net.optifine.entity.model.anim.RenderEntityParameterBool
 net.optifine.entity.model.anim.RenderEntityParameterBool$1
net/minecraft/entity/ai/attributes/BaseAttributeMap.java
 net.minecraft.entity.ai.attributes.BaseAttributeMap
net/minecraft/entity/ai/EntityAITempt.java
 net.minecraft.entity.ai.EntityAITempt
net/minecraft/stats/ObjectiveStat.java
 net.minecraft.stats.ObjectiveStat
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S32PacketConfirmTransaction.java
 net.minecraft.network.play.server.S32PacketConfirmTransaction
net/minecraft/server/management/UserListWhitelistEntry.java
 net.minecraft.server.management.UserListWhitelistEntry
net/optifine/shaders/config/ShaderOptionResolver.java
 net.optifine.shaders.config.ShaderOptionResolver
net/minecraft/world/gen/layer/GenLayerIsland.java
 net.minecraft.world.gen.layer.GenLayerIsland
net/minecraft/entity/monster/EntityGuardian.java
 net.minecraft.entity.monster.EntityGuardian
 net.minecraft.entity.monster.EntityGuardian$1
 net.minecraft.entity.monster.EntityGuardian$AIGuardianAttack
 net.minecraft.entity.monster.EntityGuardian$GuardianMoveHelper
 net.minecraft.entity.monster.EntityGuardian$GuardianTargetSelector
net/minecraft/block/BlockPistonExtension.java
 net.minecraft.block.BlockPistonExtension
 net.minecraft.block.BlockPistonExtension$1
 net.minecraft.block.BlockPistonExtension$EnumPistonType
net/minecraft/client/model/ModelSign.java
 net.minecraft.client.model.ModelSign
net/minecraft/block/BlockOldLog.java
 net.minecraft.block.BlockOldLog
 net.minecraft.block.BlockOldLog$1
 net.minecraft.block.BlockOldLog$2
net/minecraft/world/biome/BiomeGenMutated.java
 net.minecraft.world.biome.BiomeGenMutated
net/minecraft/client/model/ModelBlaze.java
 net.minecraft.client.model.ModelBlaze
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureStrongholdPieces.java
 net.minecraft.world.gen.structure.StructureStrongholdPieces
 net.minecraft.world.gen.structure.StructureStrongholdPieces$1
 net.minecraft.world.gen.structure.StructureStrongholdPieces$2
 net.minecraft.world.gen.structure.StructureStrongholdPieces$3
 net.minecraft.world.gen.structure.StructureStrongholdPieces$ChestCorridor
 net.minecraft.world.gen.structure.StructureStrongholdPieces$Corridor
 net.minecraft.world.gen.structure.StructureStrongholdPieces$Crossing
 net.minecraft.world.gen.structure.StructureStrongholdPieces$LeftTurn
 net.minecraft.world.gen.structure.StructureStrongholdPieces$Library
 net.minecraft.world.gen.structure.StructureStrongholdPieces$PieceWeight
 net.minecraft.world.gen.structure.StructureStrongholdPieces$PortalRoom
 net.minecraft.world.gen.structure.StructureStrongholdPieces$Prison
 net.minecraft.world.gen.structure.StructureStrongholdPieces$RightTurn
 net.minecraft.world.gen.structure.StructureStrongholdPieces$RoomCrossing
 net.minecraft.world.gen.structure.StructureStrongholdPieces$Stairs
 net.minecraft.world.gen.structure.StructureStrongholdPieces$Stairs2
 net.minecraft.world.gen.structure.StructureStrongholdPieces$StairsStraight
 net.minecraft.world.gen.structure.StructureStrongholdPieces$Stones
 net.minecraft.world.gen.structure.StructureStrongholdPieces$Straight
 net.minecraft.world.gen.structure.StructureStrongholdPieces$Stronghold
 net.minecraft.world.gen.structure.StructureStrongholdPieces$Stronghold$Door
net/optifine/expr/IParameters.java
 net.optifine.expr.IParameters
net/minecraft/client/multiplayer/PlayerControllerMP.java
 net.minecraft.client.multiplayer.PlayerControllerMP
net/minecraft/entity/projectile/EntityWitherSkull.java
 net.minecraft.entity.projectile.EntityWitherSkull
net/minecraft/inventory/AnimalChest.java
 net.minecraft.inventory.AnimalChest
net/minecraft/enchantment/EnchantmentArrowInfinite.java
 net.minecraft.enchantment.EnchantmentArrowInfinite
net/minecraft/client/renderer/tileentity/TileEntitySignRenderer.java
 net.minecraft.client.renderer.tileentity.TileEntitySignRenderer
net/minecraft/world/biome/BiomeGenJungle.java
 net.minecraft.world.biome.BiomeGenJungle
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/layers/LayerCape.java
 net.minecraft.client.renderer.entity.layers.LayerCape
net/minecraft/command/server/CommandBroadcast.java
 net.minecraft.command.server.CommandBroadcast
net/optifine/CustomItemsComparator.java
 net.optifine.CustomItemsComparator
net/minecraft/client/resources/FallbackResourceManager.java
 net.minecraft.client.resources.FallbackResourceManager
 net.minecraft.client.resources.FallbackResourceManager$InputStreamLeakedResourceLogger
net/minecraft/command/CommandHelp.java
 net.minecraft.command.CommandHelp
net/optifine/shaders/config/MacroExpressionResolver.java
 net.optifine.shaders.config.MacroExpressionResolver
net/minecraft/world/WorldProviderSurface.java
 net.minecraft.world.WorldProviderSurface
net/minecraft/enchantment/EnchantmentData.java
 net.minecraft.enchantment.EnchantmentData
net/minecraft/block/BlockReed.java
 net.minecraft.block.BlockReed
net/minecraft/item/ItemSaddle.java
 net.minecraft.item.ItemSaddle
net/optifine/player/PlayerConfigurationReceiver.java
 net.optifine.player.PlayerConfigurationReceiver
net/minecraft/command/server/CommandTestForBlock.java
 net.minecraft.command.server.CommandTestForBlock
net/optifine/TextureAnimationFrame.java
 net.optifine.TextureAnimationFrame
net/minecraft/server/management/UserListOps.java
 net.minecraft.server.management.UserListOps
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S36PacketSignEditorOpen.java
 net.minecraft.network.play.server.S36PacketSignEditorOpen
net/optifine/config/IObjectLocator.java
 net.optifine.config.IObjectLocator
net/optifine/Lagometer.java
 net.optifine.Lagometer
 net.optifine.Lagometer$TimerNano
net/minecraft/entity/EntityLivingBase.java
 net.minecraft.entity.EntityLivingBase
 net.minecraft.entity.EntityLivingBase$1
net/minecraft/client/renderer/chunk/ChunkCompileTaskGenerator.java
 net.minecraft.client.renderer.chunk.ChunkCompileTaskGenerator
 net.minecraft.client.renderer.chunk.ChunkCompileTaskGenerator$Status
 net.minecraft.client.renderer.chunk.ChunkCompileTaskGenerator$Type
net/minecraft/enchantment/EnchantmentOxygen.java
 net.minecraft.enchantment.EnchantmentOxygen
net/minecraft/world/WorldServerMulti.java
 net.minecraft.world.WorldServerMulti
 net.minecraft.world.WorldServerMulti$1
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureMineshaftPieces.java
 net.minecraft.world.gen.structure.StructureMineshaftPieces
 net.minecraft.world.gen.structure.StructureMineshaftPieces$1
 net.minecraft.world.gen.structure.StructureMineshaftPieces$Corridor
 net.minecraft.world.gen.structure.StructureMineshaftPieces$Cross
 net.minecraft.world.gen.structure.StructureMineshaftPieces$Room
 net.minecraft.world.gen.structure.StructureMineshaftPieces$Stairs
net/minecraft/world/gen/feature/WorldGenCanopyTree.java
 net.minecraft.world.gen.feature.WorldGenCanopyTree
net/minecraft/block/BlockWeb.java
 net.minecraft.block.BlockWeb
net/minecraft/util/LazyLoadBase.java
 net.minecraft.util.LazyLoadBase
net/minecraft/client/gui/FontRenderer.java
 net.minecraft.client.gui.FontRenderer
net/minecraft/item/ItemWritableBook.java
 net.minecraft.item.ItemWritableBook
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S28PacketEffect.java
 net.minecraft.network.play.server.S28PacketEffect
cn/caiyiming0403/module/Setting.java
 cn.caiyiming0403.module.Setting
net/minecraft/entity/IRangedAttackMob.java
 net.minecraft.entity.IRangedAttackMob
net/minecraft/client/ClientBrandRetriever.java
 net.minecraft.client.ClientBrandRetriever
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiSimpleScrolledSelectionListProxy.java
 net.minecraft.client.gui.GuiSimpleScrolledSelectionListProxy
net/minecraft/world/chunk/storage/ChunkLoader.java
 net.minecraft.world.chunk.storage.ChunkLoader
 net.minecraft.world.chunk.storage.ChunkLoader$AnvilConverterData
net/optifine/render/AabbFrame.java
 net.optifine.render.AabbFrame
net/minecraft/client/stream/MetadataPlayerDeath.java
 net.minecraft.client.stream.MetadataPlayerDeath
net/minecraft/enchantment/EnchantmentArrowKnockback.java
 net.minecraft.enchantment.EnchantmentArrowKnockback
net/minecraft/entity/ai/EntityAIAvoidEntity.java
 net.minecraft.entity.ai.EntityAIAvoidEntity
 net.minecraft.entity.ai.EntityAIAvoidEntity$1
net/minecraft/entity/monster/EntitySlime.java
 net.minecraft.entity.monster.EntitySlime
 net.minecraft.entity.monster.EntitySlime$AISlimeAttack
 net.minecraft.entity.monster.EntitySlime$AISlimeFaceRandom
 net.minecraft.entity.monster.EntitySlime$AISlimeFloat
 net.minecraft.entity.monster.EntitySlime$AISlimeHop
 net.minecraft.entity.monster.EntitySlime$SlimeMoveHelper
net/minecraft/world/gen/feature/WorldGenBlockBlob.java
 net.minecraft.world.gen.feature.WorldGenBlockBlob
net/optifine/util/EntityUtils.java
 net.optifine.util.EntityUtils
net/optifine/gui/GuiOtherSettingsOF.java
 net.optifine.gui.GuiOtherSettingsOF
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S0APacketUseBed.java
 net.minecraft.network.play.server.S0APacketUseBed
net/minecraft/client/Minecraft.java
 net.minecraft.client.Minecraft
 net.minecraft.client.Minecraft$1
 net.minecraft.client.Minecraft$10
 net.minecraft.client.Minecraft$11
 net.minecraft.client.Minecraft$12
 net.minecraft.client.Minecraft$13
 net.minecraft.client.Minecraft$14
 net.minecraft.client.Minecraft$15
 net.minecraft.client.Minecraft$16
 net.minecraft.client.Minecraft$17
 net.minecraft.client.Minecraft$18
 net.minecraft.client.Minecraft$2
 net.minecraft.client.Minecraft$3
 net.minecraft.client.Minecraft$4
 net.minecraft.client.Minecraft$5
 net.minecraft.client.Minecraft$6
 net.minecraft.client.Minecraft$7
 net.minecraft.client.Minecraft$8
 net.minecraft.client.Minecraft$9
net/minecraftforge/client/model/IModelState.java
 net.minecraftforge.client.model.IModelState
net/minecraft/entity/ai/EntityAISit.java
 net.minecraft.entity.ai.EntityAISit
net/optifine/expr/IExpressionFloatArray.java
 net.optifine.expr.IExpressionFloatArray
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S35PacketUpdateTileEntity.java
 net.minecraft.network.play.server.S35PacketUpdateTileEntity
net/minecraft/client/resources/data/TextureMetadataSection.java
 net.minecraft.client.resources.data.TextureMetadataSection
net/minecraft/world/storage/IThreadedFileIO.java
 net.minecraft.world.storage.IThreadedFileIO
net/optifine/shaders/config/ShaderOptionVariable.java
 net.optifine.shaders.config.ShaderOptionVariable
net/minecraftforge/client/model/pipeline/IVertexProducer.java
 net.minecraftforge.client.model.pipeline.IVertexProducer
net/optifine/gui/GuiOptionSliderOF.java
 net.optifine.gui.GuiOptionSliderOF
net/optifine/util/CacheLocalByte.java
 net.optifine.util.CacheLocalByte
net/minecraft/client/renderer/tileentity/TileEntityChestRenderer.java
 net.minecraft.client.renderer.tileentity.TileEntityChestRenderer
net/minecraft/item/ItemEnchantedBook.java
 net.minecraft.item.ItemEnchantedBook
net/optifine/BetterGrass.java
 net.optifine.BetterGrass
net/minecraft/block/BlockSnowBlock.java
 net.minecraft.block.BlockSnowBlock
net/minecraft/network/login/server/S00PacketDisconnect.java
 net.minecraft.network.login.server.S00PacketDisconnect
net/minecraft/scoreboard/IScoreObjectiveCriteria.java
 net.minecraft.scoreboard.IScoreObjectiveCriteria
 net.minecraft.scoreboard.IScoreObjectiveCriteria$EnumRenderType
net/optifine/shaders/config/ScreenShaderOptions.java
 net.optifine.shaders.config.ScreenShaderOptions
net/minecraft/client/renderer/texture/TextureUtil.java
 net.minecraft.client.renderer.texture.TextureUtil
net/minecraft/block/properties/PropertyEnum.java
 net.minecraft.block.properties.PropertyEnum
net/minecraft/command/server/CommandBanPlayer.java
 net.minecraft.command.server.CommandBanPlayer
net/optifine/util/ResUtils.java
 net.optifine.util.ResUtils
net/minecraft/client/shader/ShaderUniform.java
 net.minecraft.client.shader.ShaderUniform
net/minecraft/client/audio/MovingSoundMinecartRiding.java
 net.minecraft.client.audio.MovingSoundMinecartRiding
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/RenderWolf.java
 net.minecraft.client.renderer.entity.RenderWolf
net/minecraft/network/play/client/C0DPacketCloseWindow.java
 net.minecraft.network.play.client.C0DPacketCloseWindow
net/minecraft/client/renderer/culling/ICamera.java
 net.minecraft.client.renderer.culling.ICamera
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiRepair.java
 net.minecraft.client.gui.GuiRepair
net/minecraft/client/renderer/tileentity/RenderItemFrame.java
 net.minecraft.client.renderer.tileentity.RenderItemFrame
net/minecraft/client/model/ModelMinecart.java
 net.minecraft.client.model.ModelMinecart
net/minecraft/world/storage/ISaveFormat.java
 net.minecraft.world.storage.ISaveFormat
net/minecraft/inventory/InventoryCraftResult.java
 net.minecraft.inventory.InventoryCraftResult
net/optifine/CustomPanoramaProperties.java
 net.optifine.CustomPanoramaProperties
net/minecraft/realms/Realms.java
 net.minecraft.realms.Realms
net/minecraft/world/chunk/storage/AnvilSaveConverter.java
 net.minecraft.world.chunk.storage.AnvilSaveConverter
 net.minecraft.world.chunk.storage.AnvilSaveConverter$1
net/minecraft/crash/CrashReport.java
 net.minecraft.crash.CrashReport
 net.minecraft.crash.CrashReport$1
 net.minecraft.crash.CrashReport$2
 net.minecraft.crash.CrashReport$3
 net.minecraft.crash.CrashReport$4
 net.minecraft.crash.CrashReport$5
 net.minecraft.crash.CrashReport$6
 net.minecraft.crash.CrashReport$7
net/optifine/entity/model/ModelAdapterVillager.java
 net.optifine.entity.model.ModelAdapterVillager
net/minecraft/enchantment/EnchantmentDurability.java
 net.minecraft.enchantment.EnchantmentDurability
net/minecraft/entity/passive/EntityRabbit.java
 net.minecraft.entity.passive.EntityRabbit
 net.minecraft.entity.passive.EntityRabbit$AIAvoidEntity
 net.minecraft.entity.passive.EntityRabbit$AIEvilAttack
 net.minecraft.entity.passive.EntityRabbit$AIPanic
 net.minecraft.entity.passive.EntityRabbit$AIRaidFarm
 net.minecraft.entity.passive.EntityRabbit$EnumMoveType
 net.minecraft.entity.passive.EntityRabbit$RabbitJumpHelper
 net.minecraft.entity.passive.EntityRabbit$RabbitMoveHelper
 net.minecraft.entity.passive.EntityRabbit$RabbitTypeData
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/RenderSlime.java
 net.minecraft.client.renderer.entity.RenderSlime
Start.java
 Start
net/minecraft/network/Packet.java
 net.minecraft.network.Packet
net/minecraft/network/play/client/C0APacketAnimation.java
 net.minecraft.network.play.client.C0APacketAnimation
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S46PacketSetCompressionLevel.java
 net.minecraft.network.play.server.S46PacketSetCompressionLevel
net/minecraft/client/renderer/IImageBuffer.java
 net.minecraft.client.renderer.IImageBuffer
net/minecraft/world/gen/NoiseGeneratorSimplex.java
 net.minecraft.world.gen.NoiseGeneratorSimplex
net/minecraft/world/storage/MapStorage.java
 net.minecraft.world.storage.MapStorage
net/minecraft/block/BlockRailDetector.java
 net.minecraft.block.BlockRailDetector
 net.minecraft.block.BlockRailDetector$1
net/optifine/gui/GuiPerformanceSettingsOF.java
 net.optifine.gui.GuiPerformanceSettingsOF
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiButtonRealmsProxy.java
 net.minecraft.client.gui.GuiButtonRealmsProxy
net/minecraft/pathfinding/PathNavigateSwimmer.java
 net.minecraft.pathfinding.PathNavigateSwimmer
net/minecraft/entity/monster/EntityBlaze.java
 net.minecraft.entity.monster.EntityBlaze
 net.minecraft.entity.monster.EntityBlaze$AIFireballAttack
net/minecraft/client/network/OldServerPinger.java
 net.minecraft.client.network.OldServerPinger
 net.minecraft.client.network.OldServerPinger$1
 net.minecraft.client.network.OldServerPinger$2
 net.minecraft.client.network.OldServerPinger$2$1
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiResourcePackAvailable.java
 net.minecraft.client.gui.GuiResourcePackAvailable
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S0CPacketSpawnPlayer.java
 net.minecraft.network.play.server.S0CPacketSpawnPlayer
net/minecraft/client/audio/SoundEventAccessorComposite.java
 net.minecraft.client.audio.SoundEventAccessorComposite
net/minecraft/world/gen/ChunkProviderHell.java
 net.minecraft.world.gen.ChunkProviderHell
net/minecraft/entity/passive/EntityAmbientCreature.java
 net.minecraft.entity.passive.EntityAmbientCreature
net/minecraft/client/gui/ScaledResolution.java
 net.minecraft.client.gui.ScaledResolution
net/minecraft/world/gen/feature/WorldGenMinable.java
 net.minecraft.world.gen.feature.WorldGenMinable
net/minecraft/dispenser/IBehaviorDispenseItem.java
 net.minecraft.dispenser.IBehaviorDispenseItem
 net.minecraft.dispenser.IBehaviorDispenseItem$1
net/minecraft/potion/PotionAbsorption.java
 net.minecraft.potion.PotionAbsorption
net/minecraft/block/BlockMushroom.java
 net.minecraft.block.BlockMushroom
net/minecraft/entity/boss/IBossDisplayData.java
 net.minecraft.entity.boss.IBossDisplayData
net/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayer.java
 net.minecraft.entity.player.EntityPlayer
 net.minecraft.entity.player.EntityPlayer$1
 net.minecraft.entity.player.EntityPlayer$EnumChatVisibility
 net.minecraft.entity.player.EntityPlayer$EnumStatus
net/minecraft/world/gen/FlatLayerInfo.java
 net.minecraft.world.gen.FlatLayerInfo
net/minecraft/world/chunk/Chunk.java
 net.minecraft.world.chunk.Chunk
 net.minecraft.world.chunk.Chunk$1
 net.minecraft.world.chunk.Chunk$2
 net.minecraft.world.chunk.Chunk$3
 net.minecraft.world.chunk.Chunk$EnumCreateEntityType
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S1CPacketEntityMetadata.java
 net.minecraft.network.play.server.S1CPacketEntityMetadata
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiClickableScrolledSelectionListProxy.java
 net.minecraft.client.gui.GuiClickableScrolledSelectionListProxy
net/minecraft/command/CommandResultStats.java
 net.minecraft.command.CommandResultStats
 net.minecraft.command.CommandResultStats$1
 net.minecraft.command.CommandResultStats$Type
net/minecraft/entity/ai/EntityAIRestrictOpenDoor.java
 net.minecraft.entity.ai.EntityAIRestrictOpenDoor
net/minecraft/entity/ai/EntityLookHelper.java
 net.minecraft.entity.ai.EntityLookHelper
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S19PacketEntityHeadLook.java
 net.minecraft.network.play.server.S19PacketEntityHeadLook
net/optifine/util/ArrayUtils.java
 net.optifine.util.ArrayUtils
net/minecraft/client/renderer/tileentity/TileEntityItemStackRenderer.java
 net.minecraft.client.renderer.tileentity.TileEntityItemStackRenderer
net/minecraft/entity/boss/BossStatus.java
 net.minecraft.entity.boss.BossStatus
net/optifine/entity/model/anim/RenderResolverEntity.java
 net.optifine.entity.model.anim.RenderResolverEntity
net/minecraft/server/management/UserListBansEntry.java
 net.minecraft.server.management.UserListBansEntry
net/minecraft/entity/item/EntityMinecartFurnace.java
 net.minecraft.entity.item.EntityMinecartFurnace
net/optifine/entity/model/CustomEntityRenderer.java
 net.optifine.entity.model.CustomEntityRenderer
net/optifine/shaders/CustomTexture.java
 net.optifine.shaders.CustomTexture
net/minecraft/entity/passive/EntityOcelot.java
 net.minecraft.entity.passive.EntityOcelot
net/minecraft/item/ItemCarrotOnAStick.java
 net.minecraft.item.ItemCarrotOnAStick
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/RenderBlaze.java
 net.minecraft.client.renderer.entity.RenderBlaze
net/minecraft/client/resources/data/TextureMetadataSectionSerializer.java
 net.minecraft.client.resources.data.TextureMetadataSectionSerializer
net/minecraft/block/BlockColored.java
 net.minecraft.block.BlockColored
net/minecraft/block/BlockCompressedPowered.java
 net.minecraft.block.BlockCompressedPowered
net/minecraft/client/renderer/vertex/VertexFormat.java
 net.minecraft.client.renderer.vertex.VertexFormat
 net.minecraft.client.renderer.vertex.VertexFormat$1
net/minecraft/entity/projectile/EntitySmallFireball.java
 net.minecraft.entity.projectile.EntitySmallFireball
net/minecraft/client/multiplayer/WorldClient.java
 net.minecraft.client.multiplayer.WorldClient
 net.minecraft.client.multiplayer.WorldClient$1
 net.minecraft.client.multiplayer.WorldClient$2
 net.minecraft.client.multiplayer.WorldClient$3
 net.minecraft.client.multiplayer.WorldClient$4
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiScreenServerList.java
 net.minecraft.client.gui.GuiScreenServerList
net/minecraft/potion/PotionHealthBoost.java
 net.minecraft.potion.PotionHealthBoost
net/minecraft/client/renderer/ItemRenderer.java
 net.minecraft.client.renderer.ItemRenderer
 net.minecraft.client.renderer.ItemRenderer$1
net/optifine/expr/TokenParser.java
 net.optifine.expr.TokenParser
net/minecraft/block/ITileEntityProvider.java
 net.minecraft.block.ITileEntityProvider
net/minecraft/client/particle/EntityFootStepFX.java
 net.minecraft.client.particle.EntityFootStepFX
 net.minecraft.client.particle.EntityFootStepFX$Factory
net/minecraft/client/gui/stream/GuiTwitchUserMode.java
 net.minecraft.client.gui.stream.GuiTwitchUserMode
net/minecraft/tileentity/TileEntityEnchantmentTable.java
 net.minecraft.tileentity.TileEntityEnchantmentTable
net/optifine/http/FileUploadThread.java
 net.optifine.http.FileUploadThread
net/minecraft/entity/ai/EntityAIFollowParent.java
 net.minecraft.entity.ai.EntityAIFollowParent
net/minecraft/world/IWorldAccess.java
 net.minecraft.world.IWorldAccess
net/minecraft/item/ItemColored.java
 net.minecraft.item.ItemColored
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S1FPacketSetExperience.java
 net.minecraft.network.play.server.S1FPacketSetExperience
net/minecraft/realms/RealmsScrolledSelectionList.java
 net.minecraft.realms.RealmsScrolledSelectionList
net/minecraft/block/BlockStoneBrick.java
 net.minecraft.block.BlockStoneBrick
 net.minecraft.block.BlockStoneBrick$EnumType
net/minecraft/world/storage/ISaveHandler.java
 net.minecraft.world.storage.ISaveHandler
net/minecraft/client/audio/ISound.java
 net.minecraft.client.audio.ISound
 net.minecraft.client.audio.ISound$AttenuationType
net/minecraft/block/BlockGlowstone.java
 net.minecraft.block.BlockGlowstone
net/optifine/config/RangeListInt.java
 net.optifine.config.RangeListInt
net/optifine/SmartLeaves.java
 net.optifine.SmartLeaves
net/minecraft/client/renderer/RenderList.java
 net.minecraft.client.renderer.RenderList
net/minecraft/client/resources/ResourcePackListEntryDefault.java
 net.minecraft.client.resources.ResourcePackListEntryDefault
net/minecraft/command/server/CommandStop.java
 net.minecraft.command.server.CommandStop
net/minecraft/item/ItemBook.java
 net.minecraft.item.ItemBook
net/minecraft/entity/IEntityMultiPart.java
 net.minecraft.entity.IEntityMultiPart
net/optifine/LightMap.java
 net.optifine.LightMap
net/minecraft/client/renderer/chunk/RenderChunk.java
 net.minecraft.client.renderer.chunk.RenderChunk
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/layers/LayerArrow.java
 net.minecraft.client.renderer.entity.layers.LayerArrow
net/optifine/reflect/FieldLocatorActionKeyF3.java
 net.optifine.reflect.FieldLocatorActionKeyF3
net/minecraft/nbt/NBTTagInt.java
 net.minecraft.nbt.NBTTagInt
net/minecraft/realms/RealmsSharedConstants.java
 net.minecraft.realms.RealmsSharedConstants
net/minecraft/block/BlockBed.java
 net.minecraft.block.BlockBed
 net.minecraft.block.BlockBed$EnumPartType
net/optifine/render/VboRange.java
 net.optifine.render.VboRange
net/optifine/entity/model/ModelAdapterSquid.java
 net.optifine.entity.model.ModelAdapterSquid
net/minecraft/world/biome/BiomeGenBeach.java
 net.minecraft.world.biome.BiomeGenBeach
net/minecraft/entity/ai/EntityAIArrowAttack.java
 net.minecraft.entity.ai.EntityAIArrowAttack
net/minecraft/client/model/ModelDragon.java
 net.minecraft.client.model.ModelDragon
net/minecraft/world/gen/layer/GenLayerSmooth.java
 net.minecraft.world.gen.layer.GenLayerSmooth
net/minecraft/client/renderer/texture/TextureManager.java
 net.minecraft.client.renderer.texture.TextureManager
 net.minecraft.client.renderer.texture.TextureManager$1
net/optifine/util/SmoothFloat.java
 net.optifine.util.SmoothFloat
net/minecraft/block/BlockOldLeaf.java
 net.minecraft.block.BlockOldLeaf
 net.minecraft.block.BlockOldLeaf$1
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/RenderManager.java
 net.minecraft.client.renderer.entity.RenderManager
net/minecraft/command/server/CommandSetDefaultSpawnpoint.java
 net.minecraft.command.server.CommandSetDefaultSpawnpoint
net/minecraft/entity/effect/EntityLightningBolt.java
 net.minecraft.entity.effect.EntityLightningBolt
net/optifine/shaders/uniform/ShaderUniformBase.java
 net.optifine.shaders.uniform.ShaderUniformBase
net/minecraft/entity/boss/EntityWither.java
 net.minecraft.entity.boss.EntityWither
 net.minecraft.entity.boss.EntityWither$1
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/MapGenScatteredFeature.java
 net.minecraft.world.gen.structure.MapGenScatteredFeature
 net.minecraft.world.gen.structure.MapGenScatteredFeature$Start
net/minecraft/village/MerchantRecipeList.java
 net.minecraft.village.MerchantRecipeList
net/minecraft/dispenser/BehaviorDefaultDispenseItem.java
 net.minecraft.dispenser.BehaviorDefaultDispenseItem
net/optifine/entity/model/ModelAdapterMinecartTnt.java
 net.optifine.entity.model.ModelAdapterMinecartTnt
net/minecraft/client/model/TextureOffset.java
 net.minecraft.client.model.TextureOffset
net/minecraft/client/model/ModelVillager.java
 net.minecraft.client.model.ModelVillager
net/minecraft/entity/ai/EntityAIHurtByTarget.java
 net.minecraft.entity.ai.EntityAIHurtByTarget
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S13PacketDestroyEntities.java
 net.minecraft.network.play.server.S13PacketDestroyEntities
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureStart.java
 net.minecraft.world.gen.structure.StructureStart
net/minecraft/block/BlockWorkbench.java
 net.minecraft.block.BlockWorkbench
 net.minecraft.block.BlockWorkbench$InterfaceCraftingTable
net/minecraft/client/renderer/block/model/BlockPart.java
 net.minecraft.client.renderer.block.model.BlockPart
 net.minecraft.client.renderer.block.model.BlockPart$1
 net.minecraft.client.renderer.block.model.BlockPart$Deserializer
net/minecraft/client/resources/ResourcePackListEntry.java
 net.minecraft.client.resources.ResourcePackListEntry
 net.minecraft.client.resources.ResourcePackListEntry$1
net/optifine/CustomSky.java
 net.optifine.CustomSky
net/optifine/shaders/DefaultTexture.java
 net.optifine.shaders.DefaultTexture
net/minecraft/util/EntitySelectors.java
 net.minecraft.util.EntitySelectors
 net.minecraft.util.EntitySelectors$1
 net.minecraft.util.EntitySelectors$2
 net.minecraft.util.EntitySelectors$3
 net.minecraft.util.EntitySelectors$4
 net.minecraft.util.EntitySelectors$ArmoredMob
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiPageButtonList.java
 net.minecraft.client.gui.GuiPageButtonList
 net.minecraft.client.gui.GuiPageButtonList$EditBoxEntry
 net.minecraft.client.gui.GuiPageButtonList$GuiButtonEntry
 net.minecraft.client.gui.GuiPageButtonList$GuiEntry
 net.minecraft.client.gui.GuiPageButtonList$GuiLabelEntry
 net.minecraft.client.gui.GuiPageButtonList$GuiListEntry
 net.minecraft.client.gui.GuiPageButtonList$GuiResponder
 net.minecraft.client.gui.GuiPageButtonList$GuiSlideEntry
net/minecraft/block/BlockBanner.java
 net.minecraft.block.BlockBanner
 net.minecraft.block.BlockBanner$1
 net.minecraft.block.BlockBanner$BlockBannerHanging
 net.minecraft.block.BlockBanner$BlockBannerStanding
net/minecraft/command/CommandEffect.java
 net.minecraft.command.CommandEffect
net/minecraft/entity/item/EntityMinecartHopper.java
 net.minecraft.entity.item.EntityMinecartHopper
net/minecraftforge/fml/common/registry/RegistryDelegate.java
 net.minecraftforge.fml.common.registry.RegistryDelegate
net/optifine/entity/model/ModelAdapterCreeper.java
 net.optifine.entity.model.ModelAdapterCreeper
net/optifine/shaders/Program.java
 net.optifine.shaders.Program
net/minecraft/block/BlockRedstoneWire.java
 net.minecraft.block.BlockRedstoneWire
 net.minecraft.block.BlockRedstoneWire$EnumAttachPosition
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/RenderFireball.java
 net.minecraft.client.renderer.entity.RenderFireball
net/minecraft/block/BlockAnvil.java
 net.minecraft.block.BlockAnvil
 net.minecraft.block.BlockAnvil$Anvil
net/minecraft/item/ItemBanner.java
 net.minecraft.item.ItemBanner
net/minecraft/world/gen/feature/WorldGeneratorBonusChest.java
 net.minecraft.world.gen.feature.WorldGeneratorBonusChest
net/minecraft/world/Teleporter.java
 net.minecraft.world.Teleporter
 net.minecraft.world.Teleporter$PortalPosition
net/minecraft/item/ItemBucket.java
 net.minecraft.item.ItemBucket
net/optifine/entity/model/ModelAdapterWitherSkull.java
 net.optifine.entity.model.ModelAdapterWitherSkull
net/minecraft/world/gen/layer/GenLayerRiver.java
 net.minecraft.world.gen.layer.GenLayerRiver
net/minecraft/util/Vec3i.java
 net.minecraft.util.Vec3i
net/minecraft/inventory/InventoryMerchant.java
 net.minecraft.inventory.InventoryMerchant
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiCreateWorld.java
 net.minecraft.client.gui.GuiCreateWorld
net/optifine/entity/model/ModelAdapterOcelot.java
 net.optifine.entity.model.ModelAdapterOcelot
net/minecraft/entity/Entity.java
 net.minecraft.entity.Entity
 net.minecraft.entity.Entity$1
 net.minecraft.entity.Entity$2
 net.minecraft.entity.Entity$3
 net.minecraft.entity.Entity$4
net/minecraft/item/ItemHoe.java
 net.minecraft.item.ItemHoe
 net.minecraft.item.ItemHoe$1
net/minecraft/client/renderer/tileentity/TileEntityEnderChestRenderer.java
 net.minecraft.client.renderer.tileentity.TileEntityEnderChestRenderer
net/minecraft/block/BlockSign.java
 net.minecraft.block.BlockSign
net/minecraft/block/BlockRedstoneTorch.java
 net.minecraft.block.BlockRedstoneTorch
 net.minecraft.block.BlockRedstoneTorch$Toggle
net/minecraft/client/resources/model/WeightedBakedModel.java
 net.minecraft.client.resources.model.WeightedBakedModel
 net.minecraft.client.resources.model.WeightedBakedModel$Builder
 net.minecraft.client.resources.model.WeightedBakedModel$MyWeighedRandomItem
net/minecraft/server/management/UserList.java
 net.minecraft.server.management.UserList
 net.minecraft.server.management.UserList$1
 net.minecraft.server.management.UserList$Serializer
net/minecraft/client/network/NetHandlerPlayClient.java
 net.minecraft.client.network.NetHandlerPlayClient
 net.minecraft.client.network.NetHandlerPlayClient$1
 net.minecraft.client.network.NetHandlerPlayClient$2
 net.minecraft.client.network.NetHandlerPlayClient$3
 net.minecraft.client.network.NetHandlerPlayClient$3$1
 net.minecraft.client.network.NetHandlerPlayClient$3$1$1
 net.minecraft.client.network.NetHandlerPlayClient$4
net/minecraft/block/BlockFence.java
 net.minecraft.block.BlockFence
net/minecraft/client/renderer/block/model/ModelBlock.java
 net.minecraft.client.renderer.block.model.ModelBlock
 net.minecraft.client.renderer.block.model.ModelBlock$1
 net.minecraft.client.renderer.block.model.ModelBlock$Bookkeep
 net.minecraft.client.renderer.block.model.ModelBlock$Deserializer
 net.minecraft.client.renderer.block.model.ModelBlock$LoopException
net/minecraft/realms/RealmsSimpleScrolledSelectionList.java
 net.minecraft.realms.RealmsSimpleScrolledSelectionList
net/minecraft/entity/ai/EntityAIEatGrass.java
 net.minecraft.entity.ai.EntityAIEatGrass
net/minecraft/inventory/IInventory.java
 net.minecraft.inventory.IInventory
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiYesNoCallback.java
 net.minecraft.client.gui.GuiYesNoCallback
net/minecraft/util/MovementInputFromOptions.java
 net.minecraft.util.MovementInputFromOptions
net/minecraft/util/IntHashMap.java
 net.minecraft.util.IntHashMap
 net.minecraft.util.IntHashMap$Entry
net/minecraft/world/WorldSettings.java
 net.minecraft.world.WorldSettings
 net.minecraft.world.WorldSettings$GameType
net/minecraft/item/ItemAxe.java
 net.minecraft.item.ItemAxe
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiCommandBlock.java
 net.minecraft.client.gui.GuiCommandBlock
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S19PacketEntityStatus.java
 net.minecraft.network.play.server.S19PacketEntityStatus
net/minecraft/client/gui/spectator/SpectatorMenu.java
 net.minecraft.client.gui.spectator.SpectatorMenu
 net.minecraft.client.gui.spectator.SpectatorMenu$1
 net.minecraft.client.gui.spectator.SpectatorMenu$EndSpectatorObject
 net.minecraft.client.gui.spectator.SpectatorMenu$MoveMenuObject
net/minecraft/entity/item/EntityArmorStand.java
 net.minecraft.entity.item.EntityArmorStand
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureOceanMonumentPieces.java
 net.minecraft.world.gen.structure.StructureOceanMonumentPieces
 net.minecraft.world.gen.structure.StructureOceanMonumentPieces$1
 net.minecraft.world.gen.structure.StructureOceanMonumentPieces$DoubleXRoom
 net.minecraft.world.gen.structure.StructureOceanMonumentPieces$DoubleXYRoom
 net.minecraft.world.gen.structure.StructureOceanMonumentPieces$DoubleYRoom
 net.minecraft.world.gen.structure.StructureOceanMonumentPieces$DoubleYZRoom
 net.minecraft.world.gen.structure.StructureOceanMonumentPieces$DoubleZRoom
 net.minecraft.world.gen.structure.StructureOceanMonumentPieces$EntryRoom
 net.minecraft.world.gen.structure.StructureOceanMonumentPieces$FitSimpleRoomHelper
 net.minecraft.world.gen.structure.StructureOceanMonumentPieces$FitSimpleRoomTopHelper
 net.minecraft.world.gen.structure.StructureOceanMonumentPieces$MonumentBuilding
 net.minecraft.world.gen.structure.StructureOceanMonumentPieces$MonumentCoreRoom
 net.minecraft.world.gen.structure.StructureOceanMonumentPieces$MonumentRoomFitHelper
 net.minecraft.world.gen.structure.StructureOceanMonumentPieces$Penthouse
 net.minecraft.world.gen.structure.StructureOceanMonumentPieces$Piece
 net.minecraft.world.gen.structure.StructureOceanMonumentPieces$RoomDefinition
 net.minecraft.world.gen.structure.StructureOceanMonumentPieces$SimpleRoom
 net.minecraft.world.gen.structure.StructureOceanMonumentPieces$SimpleTopRoom
 net.minecraft.world.gen.structure.StructureOceanMonumentPieces$WingRoom
 net.minecraft.world.gen.structure.StructureOceanMonumentPieces$XDoubleRoomFitHelper
 net.minecraft.world.gen.structure.StructureOceanMonumentPieces$XYDoubleRoomFitHelper
 net.minecraft.world.gen.structure.StructureOceanMonumentPieces$YDoubleRoomFitHelper
 net.minecraft.world.gen.structure.StructureOceanMonumentPieces$YZDoubleRoomFitHelper
 net.minecraft.world.gen.structure.StructureOceanMonumentPieces$ZDoubleRoomFitHelper
net/minecraft/block/BlockSourceImpl.java
 net.minecraft.block.BlockSourceImpl
net/minecraft/command/CommandTitle.java
 net.minecraft.command.CommandTitle
net/minecraft/world/gen/MapGenCavesHell.java
 net.minecraft.world.gen.MapGenCavesHell
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/RenderBiped.java
 net.minecraft.client.renderer.entity.RenderBiped
net/minecraft/item/ItemGlassBottle.java
 net.minecraft.item.ItemGlassBottle
net/optifine/entity/model/ModelAdapterHeadHumanoid.java
 net.optifine.entity.model.ModelAdapterHeadHumanoid
net/minecraft/enchantment/EnchantmentUntouching.java
 net.minecraft.enchantment.EnchantmentUntouching
net/minecraft/block/properties/PropertyHelper.java
 net.minecraft.block.properties.PropertyHelper
net/minecraft/inventory/ContainerBrewingStand.java
 net.minecraft.inventory.ContainerBrewingStand
 net.minecraft.inventory.ContainerBrewingStand$Ingredient
 net.minecraft.inventory.ContainerBrewingStand$Potion
net/optifine/http/HttpRequest.java
 net.optifine.http.HttpRequest
net/optifine/shaders/gui/GuiShaders.java
 net.optifine.shaders.gui.GuiShaders
 net.optifine.shaders.gui.GuiShaders$1
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S2CPacketSpawnGlobalEntity.java
 net.minecraft.network.play.server.S2CPacketSpawnGlobalEntity
net/minecraft/block/BlockStainedGlassPane.java
 net.minecraft.block.BlockStainedGlassPane
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/layers/LayerSheepWool.java
 net.minecraft.client.renderer.entity.layers.LayerSheepWool
net/minecraft/client/renderer/chunk/ListChunkFactory.java
 net.minecraft.client.renderer.chunk.ListChunkFactory
net/minecraft/client/resources/FolderResourcePack.java
 net.minecraft.client.resources.FolderResourcePack
net/minecraft/network/play/client/C0FPacketConfirmTransaction.java
 net.minecraft.network.play.client.C0FPacketConfirmTransaction
net/optifine/model/ModelSprite.java
 net.optifine.model.ModelSprite
net/minecraft/client/gui/spectator/BaseSpectatorGroup.java
 net.minecraft.client.gui.spectator.BaseSpectatorGroup
net/minecraft/world/IInteractionObject.java
 net.minecraft.world.IInteractionObject
net/minecraft/client/particle/EntitySuspendFX.java
 net.minecraft.client.particle.EntitySuspendFX
 net.minecraft.client.particle.EntitySuspendFX$Factory
net/optifine/CustomItemProperties.java
 net.optifine.CustomItemProperties
net/minecraft/command/SyntaxErrorException.java
 net.minecraft.command.SyntaxErrorException
net/minecraft/client/multiplayer/ChunkProviderClient.java
 net.minecraft.client.multiplayer.ChunkProviderClient
net/minecraft/entity/EntityTracker.java
 net.minecraft.entity.EntityTracker
 net.minecraft.entity.EntityTracker$1
net/minecraft/client/model/ModelEnderMite.java
 net.minecraft.client.model.ModelEnderMite
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiConfirmOpenLink.java
 net.minecraft.client.gui.GuiConfirmOpenLink
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiLockIconButton.java
 net.minecraft.client.gui.GuiLockIconButton
 net.minecraft.client.gui.GuiLockIconButton$Icon
net/minecraft/client/stream/MetadataCombat.java
 net.minecraft.client.stream.MetadataCombat
net/minecraft/client/network/LanServerDetector.java
 net.minecraft.client.network.LanServerDetector
 net.minecraft.client.network.LanServerDetector$LanServer
 net.minecraft.client.network.LanServerDetector$LanServerList
 net.minecraft.client.network.LanServerDetector$ThreadLanServerFind
net/minecraft/scoreboard/ScoreObjective.java
 net.minecraft.scoreboard.ScoreObjective
net/optifine/http/FileDownloadThread.java
 net.optifine.http.FileDownloadThread
net/minecraft/entity/monster/EntityCreeper.java
 net.minecraft.entity.monster.EntityCreeper
net/minecraft/command/CommandBlockData.java
 net.minecraft.command.CommandBlockData
net/optifine/expr/ExpressionParser.java
 net.optifine.expr.ExpressionParser
 net.optifine.expr.ExpressionParser$1
net/minecraft/entity/monster/EntityCaveSpider.java
 net.minecraft.entity.monster.EntityCaveSpider
net/minecraft/util/MessageDeserializer.java
 net.minecraft.util.MessageDeserializer
net/minecraft/block/BlockSoulSand.java
 net.minecraft.block.BlockSoulSand
net/minecraft/world/gen/NoiseGeneratorOctaves.java
 net.minecraft.world.gen.NoiseGeneratorOctaves
net/minecraft/item/ItemFlintAndSteel.java
 net.minecraft.item.ItemFlintAndSteel
net/minecraft/pathfinding/PathNavigateGround.java
 net.minecraft.pathfinding.PathNavigateGround
net/minecraft/world/gen/feature/WorldGenMegaPineTree.java
 net.minecraft.world.gen.feature.WorldGenMegaPineTree
net/minecraft/client/audio/MusicTicker.java
 net.minecraft.client.audio.MusicTicker
 net.minecraft.client.audio.MusicTicker$MusicType
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/layers/LayerHeldItemWitch.java
 net.minecraft.client.renderer.entity.layers.LayerHeldItemWitch
cn/caiyiming0403/client.java
 cn.caiyiming0403.client
net/minecraft/entity/monster/EntityEndermite.java
 net.minecraft.entity.monster.EntityEndermite
net/minecraft/nbt/NBTTagShort.java
 net.minecraft.nbt.NBTTagShort
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiControls.java
 net.minecraft.client.gui.GuiControls
net/minecraft/world/biome/BiomeGenRiver.java
 net.minecraft.world.biome.BiomeGenRiver
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/layers/LayerHeldItem.java
 net.minecraft.client.renderer.entity.layers.LayerHeldItem
net/minecraft/world/biome/BiomeDecorator.java
 net.minecraft.world.biome.BiomeDecorator
net/minecraft/world/Explosion.java
 net.minecraft.world.Explosion
net/minecraft/util/ChatComponentStyle.java
 net.minecraft.util.ChatComponentStyle
 net.minecraft.util.ChatComponentStyle$1
 net.minecraft.util.ChatComponentStyle$2
net/minecraft/entity/item/EntityTNTPrimed.java
 net.minecraft.entity.item.EntityTNTPrimed
net/optifine/entity/model/anim/ModelVariableFloat.java
 net.optifine.entity.model.anim.ModelVariableFloat
net/minecraft/block/BlockBeacon.java
 net.minecraft.block.BlockBeacon
 net.minecraft.block.BlockBeacon$1
 net.minecraft.block.BlockBeacon$1$1
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/layers/LayerEnderDragonDeath.java
 net.minecraft.client.renderer.entity.layers.LayerEnderDragonDeath
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiOptionSlider.java
 net.minecraft.client.gui.GuiOptionSlider
net/minecraft/client/particle/EntitySpellParticleFX.java
 net.minecraft.client.particle.EntitySpellParticleFX
 net.minecraft.client.particle.EntitySpellParticleFX$AmbientMobFactory
 net.minecraft.client.particle.EntitySpellParticleFX$Factory
 net.minecraft.client.particle.EntitySpellParticleFX$InstantFactory
 net.minecraft.client.particle.EntitySpellParticleFX$MobFactory
 net.minecraft.client.particle.EntitySpellParticleFX$WitchFactory
net/minecraft/entity/projectile/EntityFishHook.java
 net.minecraft.entity.projectile.EntityFishHook
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/layers/LayerVillagerArmor.java
 net.minecraft.client.renderer.entity.layers.LayerVillagerArmor
net/minecraft/realms/RealmsBufferBuilder.java
 net.minecraft.realms.RealmsBufferBuilder
net/minecraft/client/particle/EntityDropParticleFX.java
 net.minecraft.client.particle.EntityDropParticleFX
 net.minecraft.client.particle.EntityDropParticleFX$LavaFactory
 net.minecraft.client.particle.EntityDropParticleFX$WaterFactory
net/minecraft/entity/ai/EntityAILookAtTradePlayer.java
 net.minecraft.entity.ai.EntityAILookAtTradePlayer
net/optifine/shaders/CustomTextureRaw.java
 net.optifine.shaders.CustomTextureRaw
 net.optifine.shaders.CustomTextureRaw$1
net/minecraft/client/resources/ResourcePackRepository.java
 net.minecraft.client.resources.ResourcePackRepository
 net.minecraft.client.resources.ResourcePackRepository$1
 net.minecraft.client.resources.ResourcePackRepository$2
 net.minecraft.client.resources.ResourcePackRepository$3
 net.minecraft.client.resources.ResourcePackRepository$Entry
net/optifine/config/Weather.java
 net.optifine.config.Weather
net/minecraft/client/particle/EntityFX.java
 net.minecraft.client.particle.EntityFX
net/optifine/shaders/config/ShaderLine.java
 net.optifine.shaders.config.ShaderLine
